there are many different ice cream makers - from budget brand to retro .     best rated machine is the chill factor ice cream maker from john lewis .     prices range from as little as # 12.99 to a luxury one for # 349.99 .
byron meth opened with a 74 on his masters debut .     half of the players had a scoring average of 4.2 or higher on day one .     liverpool legend kenny dalglish will be present at the masters this week .
ahmed farouq was a leader in al qaeda 's india branch .     he was killed in a u.s. counterterrorism airstrike in january .     like adam gadahn , farouq was american and part of al qaeda .
bayern munich doctor hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit this week .     his resignation came after pep guardiola blamed defeat by porto on injuries .     the pair fell out as early as november over the treatment of philipp lahm .     guardiola now has even more power and could stay at bayern for a long time .     manchester city want to bring him in as manager but he is unlikely to leave .     guardiola , who is impatient with injuries , could even agree a new deal .     former barcelona boss has denied a rift with his medical staff this week .
reading lost 2-1 against arsenal in fa cup semi-final at wembley .     royals took much fancied gunners to extra-time after 1-1 draw .     steve clarke will take strength from impressive reading display .
inter milan host ac milan in a serie a derby this weekend .     both clubs are struggling to qualify for european competition .     the milan derby used to be a star-studded tie with the world 's best players .     champions league game in 2005 was abandoned due to flares thrown .     the current crop of talent is far cry from the stars 10 years ago .
samantha cameron makes solo campaign visit to a charity project .     growing zone project helps children and adults with special needs .     says the best part of campaigning is ` getting out to meet amazing people '
amy schumer took a fake tumble tuesday in front kanye west and kim kardashian .     the comedian pulled the prank at the time 100 gala in new york .     schumer , whose `` inside amy schumer '' also premiered tuesday , is having a moment .
prince harry arrived in canberra and visited the australian war memorial in his only official public appearance .     during this visit , he told a teenage admirer to give up the trend of snapping self-portraits , saying ` selfies are bad '     the prince , who is in australia for a four-week secondment with australian defence force , then reported for duty .     the 30-year-old touched in sydney on monday at 8.30 am , before travelling to canberra in the act on a raaf jet .     dressed in his white tropical dress uniform of the british army , he also visited the australian war memorial .
mamamia used a photo of wilson on a story about orthorexia nervosa .     the i quit sugar author and wellness blogger complained to the website .     they have apologised and removed her photo from the story .     ` the choice of images originally used to illustrate this story were n't ideal , ' mamamia said .     wilson was pictured alongside controversial blogger belle gibson .     paleo preacher pete evans 's photo was also used in the article .     in 2013 mamamia 's founder mia freedman called wilson ` obsessed '
players in nba are able to vote in end-of-season awards for first time .     lebron james asked who he would pick and says : ` myself '     30-year-old has impressed in first season back with cleveland cavaliers .
two mesquite , texas police officers pulled hector valles , 25 , from his burning suv early sunday after he swerved off the highway and crashed .     officers ryan nielson and autumn soto managed to get valles to safety just before his vehicle became fully engulfed .     valles , whose clothes were burning when the officers dragged him to safety , is now recovering from burns and internal injuries in icu .
the walter scott shooting inspired a local artist to create artwork .     phillip hyman crafted the angel-winged artwork in the middle of the night .     protesters from the black lives matter movement have started using it as his symbol .
queensland woman roxy walsh found an inscribed gold ring in bali .     the sentimental jewellery piece was found at a bali resort on tuesday .     she launched a campaign to return the ring to the people who own it .     ms walsh said she has found the owner and will meet ` the joe and jenny ' for breakfast in noosa on sunday .     it 's unknown when the ring was lost or where the couple are from .
beatriz paez was walking sunday when she saw police activity .     she says marshals told her to stop recording but she refused .     marshals service said it is looking into incident after man took her phone and smashed it .
john helm was commentating on the game the day the fire broke out .     he gives his insight into what cause the blaze 30 years ago .     ` from everything i have been told there is n't a jot of evidence to suggest the blaze was caused deliberately , ' says helm .
90 per cent of women experience menstrual pain during their period .     one in ten will suffer from endometriosis but it can take up to ten years to be diagnosed .     despite this women do n't know what it is or if their pain is normal .     naturopathic doctor lara briden shares natural remedies for period pain .
jennifer drew estimates she saves # 70 on weekly food shop with coupons .     the mother-of-one has dedicated her garage to stockpiling extra products .     she has bottles of mouthwash , 52 tubes of lotion and ` tonnes ' of nappies .     mrs drew also has ` stacks of cat food ' - even though she does n't have a pet .
o'malley using youtube to test out attack lines .     how clinton 's new hire could help keep the obama coalition together .     republican concerns about the new 2016 primary calendar .
kay bennett , 33 , says she has been turned down for 40 jobs in the last year .     suffers depression brought on by her tattoos , which she had done at 24 .     the former security worker has gained six stone due to ` comfort eating '     resigned from the only job she had in years because she felt left out .     miss bennett is hoping someone will take pity and buy her laser removal .
scott turner schofield has landed a role on the popular soap opera the bold and the beautiful .     schofield is now the first transgender male to score a major role on a daytime television show .     he will make his first appearance on may 8 .     schofield is a speaker and author known for his one-person shows that address transgender issues .
nra says although it disagreed with sarah brady , she was an honorable and respected woman .     sarah brady became involved in campaigns against gun violence after her son to picked up a loaded gun .     her husband died in august , having spent the last part of his life in a wheelchair from being shot .
gabriel salvador set up an initial meeting between a tv exec and manny pacquiao 's trainer .     salvador is an actor and waiter at craig 's restaurant in los angeles .
richie benaud revealed late last year he was suffering from skin cancer .     he had radiation treatment for lesions on his forehead and top of head .     he used the chance to ` recommend to everyone they wear protection on their heads '     benaud had looked frail after suffering serious injuries in a 2013 car accident .     after the crash and cancer treatment richie benaud was walking daily with wife daphne .     he hope to get fit enough to return to the commentary box but never did .
england captain alastair cook has been working on a new batting stance .     his new stance has his front foot too far out without protecting the wicket .     as a result , he does n't have time to adjust to the delivery and set himself .     cook probably overdid his new stance against the west indies .     still , he should n't be written off just yet and impressed in training .
rodgers will hold press briefing ahead of arsenal match at 2pm .     sterling set to dominate the agenda after moving closer to anfield exit .     england star said he was not ready to sign a new contract with liverpool .     20-year-old has been offered a # 100,000-a-week deal to stay .     read : the rise of raheem sterling : from # 60 a day at qpr to knocking back # 100,000-per-week contracts at liverpool .     click for the latest liverpool fc news and sterling contract saga reaction .
alison hall , 48 , says the nail became lodged and she started to choke .     believes nail had come off in her pocket and worked way inside the inhaler .     there is a 1mm gap at top of salbutamol inhaler where it may have got in .     now wants to warn others about thoroughly checking inhalers before use .
japanese man pays for his cheating ways with his prized gadget collection .     scorned girlfriend takes snaps of apple bath and sends them to him .     photos of soaked imac , iphones , ipads and accessories go viral on twitter .
buzim in north west bosnia saw 21 sets of twins born during the civil war .     researchers believe there are more than 200 sets of twins in the town .     more are believed to have fled due to the civil war and grinding poverty .     the mayor now wants to hold a convention for twins to boos tourism .
hull city travel to swansea city in premier league on saturday .     steve bruce is boosted by return from injury of mohamed diame .     the senegalese midfielder has been out for four months with knee injury .     tigers currently have a three-point cushion to relegation zone .     owner assem allam has again applied to fa for hull tigers name change .     click here for the latest premier league news .
border collies ace and holly were caught on camera performing a gravity-defying feat together .     the two pooches stood up on their hind legs while balancing on their owner and trainer dai aoki .     they have appeared in a number of videos showing off their tricks .
hamza parvez left his home in west london and travelled to syria nearly 11 months ago .     despite the rise in jihadi brides , no one seems to want to marry the british fighter .     two of hamza 's close friends have also written about their frustration of being unmarried in syria .
kenyans use hashtag # 147notjustanumber to honor victims of kenya university attack .     the attack killed 142 students , three security officers and two university security personnel .
in the murder trial of james holmes , 12 jurors and 12 alternates have been selected .     the mostly middle-aged group includes 19 women and five men .     jury selection started in january ; opening statements are scheduled to begin on april 27 .
mark o'mara : video captured michael slager shooting walter scott ; if cop had been wearing a body camera , he probably would n't have fired .     o'mara says such cameras are expensive , but cheaper than wrongful death payouts -- and the cost of a human life .     the underlying problem is racial bias in policing ; until that 's solved , body cameras are a good interim solution .
top us court is slated to hear arguments in a gay marriage case tuesday .     a majority vote could make gay marriage legal nationwide .     the court will publish a decision by june .
the fregoe family of massapequa park , new york built their own frosty in january .     thanks to late winter storms that stretched into spring , the family was able to keep the snowman alive for months .     the snowman finally melted this weekend , when temperatures reached a high of 75 on saturday and 57 on sunday .     mike fregoe is keeping a small snowball in the freezer to start a new snowman next winter .
brian bayers tearfully told the story of how he accidentally ran over his son after leaving the door to his house open .     he backed over his 18-month-old son jackson and killed him .     brian bayers ' wife amanda rushed home and held her sons lifeless and bloodied body for hours .
burlesque star , 42 , is offering workshops at canyon ranch , arizona .     learn how to ` strut ' and skillfully remove garters , stockings and gloves .     ` wellness experts will discuss sensuality , intimacy and sexual health .
amy bass : baltimore rioting caused postponement of two orioles-white sox games . now third game of series will be played to empty stadium .     she says baseball can bring cities together . but with so few black fans , players , it will be hard for baltimore to gather around this sport to heal .
chelsea scored late winner to beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road on sunday .     cesc fabregas scored with chelsea 's only shot on target .     chelsea move seven points clear at the top of the premier league .
leicester city hero jamie vardy believes the foxes deserve to stay up .     vardy pounced late to earn leicester all three points at the hawthorns .     leicester have been bottom of the premier league table since november .     but two successive wins have given them genuine hope of survival .
prime minister said coalition had spent 5 years ` trying to lift people up '     in an easter message to christians he defended ` moral content ' of cuts .     comes after church provoked a row with unprecedented election guide .     in it they told britain 's christians how they should ` approach election '
robert o'neill revealed himself last year as soldier who killed bin laden .     supporters of for america group were invited to shooting event with him .     will stay in luxury jackson hole , wyoming , resort and shoot with o'neill .     former seal has been speaking publicly about bin laden role since 2014 .     is being investigated by navy police for allegedly revealing military secrets .
a new survey has revealed who britons would like as their celebrity family .     david beckham was voted number one choice for father .     holly willoughby was voted as the most desired mother .     the survey also revealed we want adele and rhianna as our sister .
heart patients who were more grateful had improved physical health .     they had lower markers for inflammation - which can worsen heart failure .     they also had better moods , better sleep , and less fatigue , experts found .     writing a ` gratitude journal ' is also linked with better heart health , they said .
filmmaker rotates four stacked see-through plastic cups .     he selects an afro hair type , a shirt and a pair of glasses .     the video maker initially uploaded his creation to reddit .     one user stated there are a total of 294 possible variations .
mum 's email invite to her son 's first birthday was shared on reddit .     in it she demands a $ 64 water table , a $ 20 tent , $ 15 play tunnel and a book .     says gifts should n't have his name on it because personalised clothes are ` the number one thing that leads to kidnapping '
the 79th masters kicks off in augusta on thursday .     rory mcilroy is bidding to land a third straight major title .     tiger woods arrives to the competition ranked 111th in the world .
kayahan wrote some of turkey 's best-loved pop songs .     the singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 .     he most recently performed in february in istanbul .
the world 's largest cattle station is for sale in anna creek south australia .     it covers a huge 23,000 square kilometres and includes original stock .     s.kidman and co. are selling another 10 cattle farms across australia .     in total , they cover 100,000 square kilometres and have 155,000 cattle .
helen dunn opened sunday mercury newspaper , saw raunchy pics .     the 78-year-old was on cover of vintage lads mag , span , in 1955 .     went on to marry manchester united pro footballer , alan dunn .
cynthia lennon was john lennon 's first wife .     she was there during the rise of the beatles .     her death was announced by her son , julian .
kim kardashian was dining out with kanye west and jerusalem 's mayor .     mayor posted photo of him and the famous couple on twitter on monday .     image then printed on an ultra-orthodox news site - but kim was left out .     instead , photo only showed kanye and mayor nir barkat chatting at table .     ultra-conservative jewish news media consider photos of women sexual .     news site , hakikar , condemned mr barkat for dining at non-kosher venue .     it also reportedly criticized the $ 692 bill -lrb- including tip -rrb- at mona restaurant .     kim and kanye baptized toddler daughter , north , in jerusalem 's old city .
carol bennett-chevereau from quebec , canada , filmed her pet moggy getting up to mischievous as he investigated a row of empty suitcases .     but footage shows his adventuring took a turn for the worse with him plunging headfirst into one bag and struggling to get free .     with some zealous tugs , he eventually managed to free his head and get back on all fours .
lihi yona filmed the black lab at a public play area in brooklyn , new york , over the weekend .     after almost a minute the dog shows no sign of slowing down and he continues to bounce around .
brisbane designer raking in millions on the back of hollywood 's blockbuster moving ` the avengers : age of ultron '     release of their new line caused the website to crash .     some items sold out in minutes when launched this week .     most expensive items are thor and iron man dresses at $ 100 .     swimwear is among the cheapest to buy at $ 45 .     fans of the series are buying up big because ` they are hoping to wear the outfits at early screenings of the movie '
kelly nash , 25 , went missing from his buford , georgia home january 5 .     nash left the house without his wallet , car keys or id , but a 9mm handgun went missing from his house that night .     a fisherman came upon kelly nash 's decomposed body in lake lanier in early february .     sheriff 's officials said the 25-year-old accounting student suffered a gunshot wound and drowned .
washington company unveils matches that burn in testing conditions .     the # 5.47 uco stormproof matches use a coating that always smoulders .     they will start burning again once they comes into contact with oxygen .     rigorous tests have drenched the matches in buckets , buried them in mud , and blown them with a compressed air hose .
stranded victims of the storm were unable to attend an anzac day service .     local karen newton played the last post at the kurri kurri memorial .     she made the trip to gillieston heights to deliver food to the flood victims .     while she was there , she struck up another rendition of the song .     the goosebump-inducing moment was captured on film .
floyd mayweather held media workout at his gym - but turned up late .     he is just over two weeks away from facing manny pacquiao on may 2 .     mayweather will earn more than $ 180m from the richest fight in boxing .     but he admitted he no longer enjoys the sport and will retire this year .     mayweather plans to have one more fight in september to finish his career .     ricky hatton : pacquiao has style but mayweather ` will find a way to win '     click here to watch manny pacquiao 's open media workout live .
cameron said he knows that ` fear and worries ' remain over immigration .     under tories , two-thirds of uk job growth now benefits british citizens .     pm said he will continue ` serious , sustained attempt ' to control immigration .
the 18-year-old , who goes by the name of dark.cyanide , says he likes capturing the city from different perspectives .     he has climbed some of new york 's tallest and most iconic buildings , including one that was 72 storeys high .     images including landmarks as never seen before , such as one world trade centre and the empire state building .
alfred taubman , who died friday , was active in philanthropy and worth an estimated $ 3.1 billion .     amid suburban boom of the '50s , he realized people would need places to shop : '' ... we could n't miss ''     we was convicted in 2002 of trying to rig auction house commissions ; he maintained he was innocent .
the moon skimmed across the earth 's shadow on saturday , reflecting the red glare of the sun .     it was the shortest lunar eclipse this century , with ` totality ' only visible for five minutes .
documents reveal relatives of hollywood stars served during wwi .     service records include two of actor joel edgerton 's great grand-uncles who fought in gallipoli 100 years ago .     it comes as australia prepares to commemorate anzac centenary .     nicole kidman 's great-grandfather , edward glenny , worked as a private in the military running the wireless communications during wwi .
stash valued at # 5,620 discovered in 67-year-old christine carriage 's home .     officers said property looked more like clothing warehouse than a dwelling .     she was handed a six-month suspended sentence at norwich crown court .
house of cards follows a ruthless democrat congressman 's rise to power .     set in washington , the hit us tv series features the capital 's best sights .     discover the famous and lesser-known gems in washington , dc .
just nine points separates the bottom seven clubs in the premier league .     qpr boss chris ramsey says they need three more wins to survive .     burnley host relegation rivals leicester in the league on saturday .
john helinski , 62 , slept in a cardboard box in tampa bay for three years .     he applied for homeless housing , but struggled as he had no identification .     it had all been stolen years earlier - virtually forcing him onto the streets .     a case worker and a cop looked into his past and uncovered his records .     helsinki then went into a tampa bank and discovered a lost account .     enough money and social security was in there for him to buy a house .
u.s. official said in february that iraqi troops could go into mosul in april or may .     officials say now that there 's no timetable , an invasion could come sooner or later .     they note that recapturing mosul from isis could be a complicated endeavor .
jennifer lawless : there 's a strong temptation to view hillary clinton 's candidacy as all about cracking the glass ceiling for women .     she says the reality is that most people will vote not on gender but on the economy and partisanship .
video footage shows corporal james bass of north carolina sneaking up behind his son joshua as he stands in front of a scenic backdrop .     when the photographer shows the third-grader the finished photo he took , he spots his father in the background .     the father-son then share a big hug with smiles all round .
a south carolina man says he spent 66 days alone at sea before being rescued .     other sole survivor stories include a japanese man washed away by a tsunami .     an el salvador man says he drifted from mexico to marshall islands over a year .
concert will be part of the three-day commemoration of end of wwii .     status quo , katherine jenkins and boy band blue are set to perform .     there will be a service of remembrance on ve day at the cenotaph .
benjamin astbury was born 12 weeks early , weighing just 1lb 3oz .     was put into a paralysed state on a ventilator to help him breathe .     doctors told his parents he had just a 10 % chance of surviving .
security guard cengiz guven is protecting australian travellers at gallipoli .     the 30-year-old from istanbul is the supervisor of site security at lone pine .     his team will handle bag and entry checks for 8000 australians .     this will be conducted at the lone pine service on anzac day .     about 4000 police and at least 1000 turkish soldiers will be on duty .     mr guven has previously protected russell crowe , naomi campbell and aerosmith rocker steve tyler .
family festival is located in pippingford park in the ashdown forest .     music includes a wide range of local bands and dance tents in the woods .     food is locally sourced , and there 's a picnic on sunday with a free hamper .     stressed out parents can head for the woodland spa while their little ones play sport or do art classes .
pre-med student lizzie cochran has created clothing and accessories influenced by the microscopic structure of anatomy and disease .     she has set up a kickstarter campaign to fund her venture , called epidemia designs , and has nearly reached her goal of $ 15,000 .     15 per cent of profits will go to projects aiming to lower the impact of preventable diseases around the world .
customers used to white lids on the famous zero calorie , zero sugar type .     other variants coke zero and coke life used to have black and green tops .     but company has now brought all four variants ` together under one brand '     company accused of ` messing with our heads ' with red tops for all types .
lindsay , 28 , moved to the uk last spring before making her london stage debut .     the former child star has become more famous for her run-ins with the police and the media than anything else in recent years .     but lindsay is now vowing to stay in london to ` grow up '     she appears in a provocative spread for homme style magazine , having been shot by famed fashion photographer rankin .
ten australian war widows travelled to gallipoli to attend this saturday 's anzac centenary commemorations .     the group - who were much younger than their husbands - are guests of honour at the gallipoli dawn service .     they will join more than 10,000 australians and new zealanders at the anzac commemorative site at gallipoli .
liverpool were beaten 4-1 by arsenal at the emirates on saturday .     club 's top four hopes have been dealt a massive blow with the defeat .     liverpool lost to another of their top-four rivals manchester united before the international break .     brendan rodgers admits that their chances of qualifying for next season 's champions league have severely diminished .
dustin johnson can prove himself at this year 's tournament .     henrik stenson has been ill but has the quality to impress .     phil mickelson , at 25-1 , is a good each-way bet for the title .
air india has evacuated 2,500 people in recent days from yemen , indian official says .     passengers could only bring carry-on luggage onto the airplane .     the saudis have not destroyed the airstrips , which are controlled by houthis .
mary magdalene is one of the bible 's most complicated characters .     mark goodacre , who appears in the series , answers your questions about her .
amanda knox , 27 , and her family have been left in financial difficulties by the fight to clear her name .     biographer douglas preston claims the seattle native now suffers ptsd .     claims that the knox family have used up the $ 4 million advance she got for autobiography .     he says that despite being declared innocent last month the victory was bittersweet .     in late march , knox , 27 , and ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito were acquitted of murder of meredith kercher in november 2007 .     pair were convicted of murder in december 2009 , before being acquitted in october 2011 and reconvicted in 2014 .     spent a total of four years behind bars while they were in italy .
a statue of lucille ball in celeron , new york was dubbed so offensive the artist has offered to fix the statue for free .     however , there are unrecognisable celebrity effigies all over the world .     femail rounds up the very worst star statues , wax works and figurines .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground on friday .     there has been an unconfirmed sighting of luke with police acting quickly .     the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking 4 kms from his campsite .     police remain hopeful they will find luke , who has ` high pain tolerance '     luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .     a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .     police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight .     they have issued an extensive description of luke and his clothing .
clarence david moore , 66 , was convicted of larceny of more than $ 200 in north carolina in 1967 and was sentenced to up to seven years in prison .     while working with a road crew in the asheville area , he escaped and was recaptured in 1971 .     he escaped again the following year and was on the lam until he was apprehended in texas in 1975 .     his third escape from a henderson county prison was august 6 , 1976 .     moore 's neighbors knew him by an alias and described his as ' a good neighbor , ' and also ` very compassioante '     the sheriff said he thought moore 's poor health factored into his decision to turn himself in .     as moore arrived at the jail , he thanked the sheriff for his kindness .
john frost hilariously recounts stories from his career at london airports .     frost and his team frequently detect drugs hidden in bizarre ways .     he has even had to deal with a monkey ` disguised as a hairy child '
the man records himself descending mountain with fellow skier .     he negotiates a number of trees and video is initially a success .     pair stop but the snowboarder fails to move from path of chairlift .     while posing for the camera the chairlift hits him hard in the head .     the footage was recorded in the chiisagata district of japan .
rafa nadal beat lucas pouille 6-2 , 6-1 in the second round on wednesday .     spaniard got his clay court season off to a perfect start with a routine win .     world no 5 made just five unforced errors as he booked third round place .
footage show 27-year-old jared henry being knocked off his board to the ground while the deer spins on its stomach into the ditch .     the pro-sportsman was shooting a video for the fayettechill outdoor clothing brand before the freak accident took place .
survey found more than half of uk children kids do n't have any veg .     fussy kids are frustrating for parents when they refuse to eat certain foods .     nutritionist annabel karmel tells femail how to make a child like greens .
nick clegg made the admission in a rare joint interview with his wife miriam .     lib dem said she decided against moving into ` government mansion '     ` discussion 's a rather grand word for miriam basically saying no , ' he joked .     miriam claims he has put ` country above party ' at ` great personal cost '     tonight : spotlight nick clegg tonight -lrb- thursday -rrb- on itv at 7.30 pm .
liverpool take on blackburn in their fa cup sixth round replay tonight .     the competition represents the anfield club 's last chance of success .     brendan rodgers ' side are all but out of the race for the top four .     liverpool also endured poor campaigns in both european campaigns .     robbie fowler : fa cup hunt must not be all about steven gerrard .
billy mitchell was born with apert syndrome - a rare condition that causes malformations to the skull , face , hands and feet .     youngster has endured a series of major operations to correct deformities .     surgeons cracked open his skull before piecing it back together again .     seven-year-old had a titanium frame drilled into his skull for nine weeks .
kabul faces uncertain future as nato presence -- and the money that came with it -- fades away .     interpreters are out of work , nato trucks sit idle on roads , restaurants are empty .
alice barker was a dancer in the 1930s and '40s .     thanks to filmmakers , barker -- now 102 -- finally saw herself dance .
extraordinary footage taken by driver on business trip to indiana .     the driver describes how the situation is ` totally crazy ' as he films .     he was talking to his son on the phone at the time , so tried to sound calm .
stephanie scott was last seen at leeton , 550km west of sydney , on sunday .     high school teacher is due to marry her partner of five years on saturday .     police have grave concerns as her disappearance is ` out of character '     family fear her red mazda - also missing - may have rolled off the road .     they have asked the public to help search along roadsides in the area .     her parents plan to hire a private helicopter to assist with the search .     the 26-year-old spent the weekend she disappeared picking up cufflinks for the wedding and a bikini to take on her honeymoon to tahiti .     family have begun the heartbreaking task of cancelling wedding plans .
davion only took to the pulpit to find a forever home .     after some setbacks , his family is set to make it official in april .
adam johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with girl , 15 .     winger also facing charge of grooming and has been bailed until may 20 .     sunderland decided not to suspend johnson and he is available to play .     read : johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with a child .     read : johnson 's sunderland future in doubt .
jeans designer reportedly owes $ 126,594 in tax .     relaunched denim label in 2014 after going into liquidation in 2013 .     previously went into administration in 2011 but revived by apparel group .     supply deal soured , with designer ordered to pay $ 150,000 to retail group .
eerie earthflow was captured in the kemerovo region of russia .     it left a wide path of destruction , toppling pylons and crushing trees .     earthflows can vary in speed from barely detectable to 12 mph -lrb- 20km/h -rrb- .     they are a form of landslide where fine soil or sand becomes waterlogged .
darlene feliciano , a walmart manager , was out on makapuu ` tom-tom ' trail overlooking sea life park along kalanianaole highway in oahu .     she slipped and fell 500 feet below a hole in the trail know as the puka .
what 's it like to become a new parent in your seventies ?     donald trelford became a father for the sixth time aged 76 .     he shares the pain and pleasure of raising two toddlers in the twilight years .
on april 16 , molly parks was found in the bathroom of the new hampshire pizza restaurant where she worked with a needle still in her arm .     her family wrote an honest obituary announcing her death and detailing her ` bad decisions including experimenting with drugs '     she had been addicted for 5 years and previously had a near-fatal overdose .     her family said they are sharing her story as a warning to other families and to plead with them ` to stay on top ' of their loved ones with addictions .
rectangular 18-carat piece was gifted to lord uxbridge for his heroics .     after being hit by cannonball he remarked ` by god , sir , i 've lost my leg '     the cover of the three and a half inch box is lord uxbridge 's coat of arms .     it was sold by auction house bonhams to a private collector for # 100,900 .
spinner named as new ambassador for liverpool fan group pak reds .     the england star has been called up for last two tests in west indies .     pak reds group was founded in 2011 and attained official status in 2013 .     it has six different branches across pakistan .
rio ferdinand missed 3-3 thriller with aston villa through injury .     he has featured in just five qpr matches since the start of october .     harry redknapp initially wanted him to be at centre of a back three .     but the plan backfired as rangers made a poor start in premier league .     ferdinand has found it difficult to regain his place in farewell year .
april 23 marks 10 years since first video , `` me at the zoo , '' was uploaded to youtube .     site gets billions of views every day ; 300 hours of uploads every minute .     new studios being opened for budget filmmakers to improve quality of output .
virgil van dijk gave celtic the lead with a superb free-kick .     josh meekings escaped a red card just before the break for a hand ball .     celtic keeper craig gordon was sent off early in the second half .     greg tansey 's penalty and edward ofere put inverness ahead .     john guidetti equalised , but david raven had the final say .
derek murray , a university of alberta law student , could have had his day ruined by the mistake by a stranger 's kindness brightened it up .     murray posted his story and the note online and the random act of kindness has now gone viral .
dr. sergio canavero says he is two years away from performing the first total human head transplant .     the first patient will be a 30-year-old russian man with a rare , genetic muscle wasting disease .     one ethicist says canavero should be helping paralyzed patients walk before performing body transplants .
grayson moore , annabel jensen and sara woodhouse are transgender .     moore , formerly grace , realized in high school and takes testosterone .     jensen , who was born christopher , also takes hormone treatments .     mormon church will not baptize anybody who has sex change procedures .     woodhouse transitioned later in life - he was married with a daughter .     the three have found varying degrees of acceptance into mormon life .
`` rosie the riveter '' appeared on the cover of the saturday evening post on may 29 , 1943 .     mary doyle keefe was a 19-year-old telephone operator at the time .
former secretary of state landed tuesday night at washington reagan national airport after a first-class flight from boston .     clinton stared ahead wordlessly , walked and did n't acknowledge questions as daily mail online asked whether she had made mistakes in benghazi .     deadly attacks , carried out by an affiliate of al qaeda , claimed the lives of u.s. ambassador to libya chris stevens and three other us personnel .     special congressional committee investigating circumstances before and after the attacks ; its report will come out during 2016 presidential campaign .     questions remain about clinton 's alleged failure to protect her diplomatic outpost , and the reasons she cited for the debacle after four flag-draped caskets came home .     u.s. intelligence knew at the time that benghazi personnel were aware they were under attack , but clinton and other obama administration officials blamed an out-of-control protest linked to an anti-islam youtube video .
israeli prime minister said agreement puts country in ` mortal danger '     he said during a statement the deal ` paves ' the way to the bomb for iran .     urged western powers to carry on putting pressure on tehran .     the white house reiterated they remain committed to israel 's security .
manchester city are currently nine points behind league leaders chelsea .     city face crystal palace at selhurst park on monday evening .     joe hart has said his side will not give up on retaining the title .
` cannibal cop ' gilberto valle stars in an hbo documentary called thought crimes which premiered on thursday at the tribeca film festival .     ` when you 're behind a computer screen late at night , no one knows who you are , where you are , ' valle says in the opening of the documentary .     valle insists throughout the film that he never intended to actually hurt anyone and says he just has dark fantasies .     valle was arrested in 2012 for plotting to kill and cook women but was released in july .
qantas released photos of koalas in first class being served refreshments .     the 4 koalas are gifts for singapore marking their 50 year of independence .     they will be travelling in specially built containers fit with eucalyptus tree .     this special gift was announced by julie bishop on thursday .
this week 's talks on an iranian nuclear deal framework are historic .     the negotiations demonstrated diplomacy at its best , but also at its most hectic .     reporters resorted to ambushes to talk to officials ; negotiations were `` sometimes emotional and confrontational ''
icon has amassed # 77million fortune since rise to fame eight years ago .     former dumfries shelf-stacker now owns # 11 million beverly hills mansion .     ivor novello winning dj has worked with the brightest stars in pop music .
doug gregory flew beaufighters and mosquitoes in the second world war .     the war hero survived 67 missions flying over nazi-controlled europe .     he later became britain 's oldest stunt pilot and only retired two years ago .     no-one has been arrested or charged in connection with the hit-and-run .
micha stunz , has enhanced his penis with several silicone injections .     it is 9 inches long , 3.5 inches wide and weighs up to 9.5 lbs -lrb- 4.3 kg -rrb- , he says .     the size of his manhood makes sex difficult , although it is not impossible .     he worries that future partners might only love him for his body .
ben affleck has revealed name of the slave-owning ancestor which he got pbs to cut from finding my roots .     he says his freedom rider mother chris anne was descended from benjamin cole , a georgia slave-owner ` about six generations ' ago .     oscar winner apologized last night for having pbs show cut revelation of his slave-owning roots , which was first revealed last week by daily mail online .     ' i did n't want any television show about my family to include a guy who owned slaves . i was embarrassed , ' he wrote on facebook .     pbs has launched an internal investigation into whether or not finding your roots violated their editorial standards and its host 's future is in doubt .
the dog named stains required a cut because of the warm weather .     owner decided pet pooch needed a new look and got it cut like lion .     video captures the owner laughing hysterically while filming results .
president spoke to the camera for 12 seconds , beginning in southern drawl .     obama has previously said he is a fan of the show and its ruthless efficiency .
a new zealand family of fourteen walked out of remote christian sect .     residents of gloriavale isolate themselves from the outside world .     with a population around 500 , they do not use birth control .     all residents are required to wear blue uniforms .     they have advanced farming tech but rarely watch tv or listen to radio .     the ` ben canaan ' family , as they are known , now live in timaru .     they have been supported by local church who have rallied around them .     the family have moved into a home and the father has a job as a farmer .
tories will be hoping to scare floating voters with puppet-master image .     comes as snp leader ms sturgeon claims that she can help ` lead the uk '     party manifesto to include pledges in policy areas which do n't even directly affect scotland .
arkansas woman finds a 3.69-carat diamond in arkansas state park .     crater of diamonds is the planet 's only public diamond search site .
aydian dowling has 40,000 votes - 30,000 more than the man in 2nd place .     he transitioned in 2009 , lives in oregon with his wife of 3 years jenilee .     men 's health competition looks for a ` well-rounded , health-conscious guy who has overcome some challenges in his life and can teach others '
gisele bundchen walked the runway for the last time wednesday night in brazil .     the supermodel announced her retirement from runway modeling over the weekend .     she plans to continue working in other facets of the industry .
ibrahim ahmad , a senior at la center high in washington state , was suspended five days and will miss saturday 's prom .
sydney family claimed the remains of a baby found on maroubra beach .     filomena d'alessandro and bill green have vowed to give her a funeral .     the baby 's body was found by two boys , buried in sand on november 30 .     the infant was found about 20-30 metres from the water 's edge .     police were unable to identify the baby girl or her parents .
sapling was planted in january-wabash park in ferguson , missouri on saturday but by sunday , its trunk had been snapped in half .     by monday , it had been replanted and the ferguson police department is investigating the incident as an act of vandalism .     this is the third time a brown memorial has been destroyed ; in september , a memorial went up in flames and in december , one was hit by a car .
conor mcaleny scores stoppage time equaliser for cardiff .     pavel pogrebnyak had put reading in front after four minutes .
susan pease gadoua says traditional marriages set couples up to fail .     she suggests a fixed-term starter marriage of up to a four year contract .     at the end the couple decide whether to renew their contract .
annette edwards has owned more than 100 bunnies in the past 10 years .     she claims the secret to breeding huge rabbits is both parents must be big .     the former playboy model has owned the world 's largest rabbit since 2008 .     her rabbit darius is 4ft in length but he will soon be eclipsed by his son .
deputy michael hubbard spotted the woman on a highway overpass .     south carolina cop pulled over on the i-16 and tried to talk to her .     she tells him : ` just looking for my way out and being at peace '     officer then grabs her and drags her away from the ledge .     he says : ` give me your hands , you 're not going out like this today '
here 's a roundup of the week 's trending pop-culture stories .     they include a new `` star wars '' trailer and an ill-advised , on-camera rant .
deal between iran and six world powers has given iranians hope , writes ghanbar naderi .     lifting of international sanctions a possibility , iranians hope for better living conditions , he adds .     people will likely keep president rouhani 's `` moderate '' government in power , naderi writes .
samantha simmonds posted honest blog about easter family break .     detailed how youngest son , four , knocked six-year-old 's tooth out .     wrote of ` ticking time bomb ' when all three children are together .     in the post the newsreader , 42 , also describes ` working mum guilt '
london mayor warns the snp want to ` end britain , to decapitate britannia '     says scottish nationalists want higher taxes and welfare payments .     david cameron warns england , wales and northern ireland would suffer .     nicola sturgeon launches manifesto with vow to ` lead ' the united kingdom .
concierge service bluefish are offering dives to journey to the magnificent ship on the atlantic floor .     the unique experience will let you see the famous grand staircase along with many other rooms and areas .     the dives form part of valuable research , with data being relayed to scientists worldwide .     so far 40 people have done the service compared to over 500 people visiting space .
technology is being used by yoghurt manufacturer morinaga milk industry .     it was designed by toyo aluminium and is inspired by lotus leaves .     the toyal lotus lid 's surface is covered in microscopic bumps .     these increases the contact angle for liquids to 170 degrees causing them to form spheres and roll off .
påhoj was designed by swedish designer lycke von schantz .     once a cyclist arrives at their destination the seat can be used as a stroller .     it has a ` lightweight chassis ' and is 3.2 ft tall -lrb- 1 metre -rrb- .     product will launch on kickstarter next week but prices are not known .
charlie adam scored brilliant long range goal against chelsea on saturday .     the scot scored a similar effort for blackpool reserves in 2009 .     the goal was captured on video by blackpool 's tangerine tv .
gertrude pitkanen started the illicit scheme in butte , montana in the 1920s .     for around 30 years , she gave newborns to adoptive parents for cash .     children involved in the crimes have aged , and are looking for answers .     is only since the proliferation of dna that they have found lost relatives .     group called gertie 's babies believe there are more children out there .
tranmere on brink of relegation from league two with two games to play .     rovers manager micky adams left club by mutual consent on sunday .     tranmere could drop out of football league after 94 years .
claire nugent and nigel morter restored a 1940s airfield control tower and now run it as a b&b .     emma edwards runs a vintage website and spent # 10,000 converting her home into a 50s haven .     48-year-old ursula forbush likes to come home and switch on an old record player like in the 60s .
the two disturbing videos were uploaded to facebook on wednesday .     a woman unleashes a racist tirade on her neighbours from over the fence .     she swings a crowbar at the group of men and a tussle breaks out .     the woman is struck in the face during the fight and is visibly bleeding .
julian zelizer : washington is gridlocked and leans conservative .     but liberals can launch social programs at lower levels , zelizer says .     trying programs out locally can set groundwork for washington action in coming years , he says .
dorothy brown : ben affleck and henry louis gates scrubbed segment about affleck 's slave-owning ancestors from tv show .     she says they two missed a chance to discuss racial issues that still fester in this country .
craig dawson to serve ban following gareth mcauley 's incorrect red card .     wba keeper ben foster ruled out for six months with knee injury .     qpr have no fresh injury concerns with richard dunne and leroy fer out .     queens park rangers teenager darnell furlong also ruled out .
zakiur rehman lakhvi allowed to leave adiala prison late on thursday .     his release was slammed with indians calling it an ` insult ' to the victims .
king willem-alexander of the netherlands is celebrating his 48th birthday .     took part in a water-borne procession along a canal in dordrecht .     was joined by his glamorous wife , queen maxima , and their daughters .     the 43-year-old queen was resplendent in a cheerful raspberry get-up .     king 's day - or koningsdag - is a national holiday in the netherlands .     celebrations include ` king 's parties ' and eating lots of tompouce pastries .
the edge 360 plane crashed in flames at old buckenham airfield in norfolk .     eyewitnesses saw single-engine aircraft go into a flat spin at about 2.45 pm .     pilot who died in the incident has been named locally as david jenkins .     ` he was the best bloke i knew , ' said a friend who wished not to be named .
bayern 5-0 up at half-time as robert lewandowski -lrb- 2 -rrb- , thomas muller , thiago alcantara and jerome boateng scored .     former liverpool and real madrid midfielder xabi alonso scored bayern 's sixth in the closing stages .     porto had gone in to the match with a 3-1 lead from last week 's first leg in portugal .     colombia international jackson martinez scored a consolation for porto with seventeen minutes to go .     porto 's spanish defender ivan marcano was dismissed in the 86th minute after picking up two bookings .
noelle reno believes former fiancee intended to jump from london home .     scot young , 52 , died after falling and becoming impaled on metal railings .     ms reno , reality tv star , said in blog he ` unexpectedly committed suicide '     others have speculated that russian gangs were involved in his death .
witness who took the video says `` mr. scott did n't deserve this ''     north charleston police officer michael slager is fired .     the city orders an additional 150 body cameras .
arsenal fan 's girlfriend avoids getting dumped after passing football test .     saskia got an ` a ' , but apparently needs to work on her player positions .     the bemused woman posted pictures of boyfriend 's test on twitter .
janet faal , 57 , was out with a friend as part of her rehabilitation in crawley .     she moved wooden pallet with foot to help friend reverse and slipped down .     grandmother-of-two smashed face on pallet and left doing ` splits ' in hole .     miss faal says it has set her back in battle with debilitating agoraphobia .
zuriel oduwole is a 12-year-old filmmaker .     to date , she has interviewed 14 heads of state .
reports claim google is latest firm to test alternative battery options .     sources said the four-man team devise and test different technologies .     it follows apple 's recruitment drive for battery and software experts .
arsenal face burnley in evening fixture at turf moor on saturday .     gunners are 2nd in the premier league while hosts are in relegation zone .     arsenal partner europcar reveal playlist players will listen to on the bus .     olivier giroud picks coldplay , danny welbeck opts for chase and status .     theo walcott is an ll cool j fan , nacho monreal goes for david guetta .     read : arsenal stars in good spirits as they bid to win eighth straight game .
newcastle travel to the stadium of light to face sunderland on sunday .     clash being billed as ` the desperation derby ' with both sides struggling .     john carver is fighting to secure his future as manager beyond the season .     carver has stopped thinking about getting the job on a permanent basis .     dick advocaat is striving to ensure sunderland remain in premier league .
a man named john posted the advert in a newsagents in muswell hill .     it details that he is looking for a companion , apprentice , worker and lover .     he says the role will bring ' a way of life with quality '     his ideal woman is aged between 30 and 40 and is happy to be interviewed .
ian bell hit 143 on the opening day of the first test in antigua .     bell came in with england struggling , but took them to 341 for five .     the 33-year-old was dropped during the 2009 series in the caribbean .     bell says it was ` nice to come back and put things right '
doctors found jackson byrnes ' aggressive brain tumour three weeks ago .     only one surgeon in australia , dr charlie teo , was willing to operate .     more than $ 95,000 was raised for jackson by strangers to pay for the $ 80,000 surgery and help fund his treatment .     it was expected jackson would wake paralysed from the extremely risky op .     instead , he woke up and moved his arms , head and thanked dr teo .     it 's hoped the operation has bought him more time .
derby had failed to win any of their previous seven games .     goals from chris martin and darren bent lift them up to fifth .     wigan now eight points from safety with just five games left .
a new survey found seven in 10 people end up injured while doing diy .     poll of 2,000 people found 68 % say they or their partner have ended up hurt .     two in five said they injured their back and one in five had cut themselves .
the 12-inch main broke in manhattan before 7pm and send water cascading onto tracks .     some 500 riders were immediately evacuated from the west village subway tunnel and thousands more affected by delays .     the water also inundated the street corner where the break occurred and can be seen lapping at a west village convenience store .
john terry has yet again impressed in the heart of chelsea 's defence .     jose mourinho should be given credit for trusting the 34-year-old .     manchester city won , but is boss manual pellegrini still under pressure ?     struggling qpr and burnley could be left to rue their huge penalty misses .     mourinho : hazard is worth # 100m for each leg plus cristiano ronaldo .
james ritchie was voted into the job at the tasmanian university union with a clear majority over a female candidate more than three weeks ago .     mounting public pressure and an online petition forced him to resign .     no gender was specified in the union 's job description guidelines .     but the union has now introduced that the applicant must be a female .
gareth bale has been chosen in the football league team of the decade .     eleven players and one manager picked as part of awards 10th anniversary .     ashley williams , rickie lambert and adam lallana are all included .     bournemouth boss eddie howe is picked as the manager of the side .
flight was traveling from reykjavik , iceland to denver when it was struck .     passengers said it was hit by lightning shortly after the plane took off .     pilots reported the lighting and continued eight-hour flight to denver .     it was n't until they landed that pilots notice huge hole at the nose of plane .     no one on board was injured and the plane landed safely in denver .
anti-semitic attacks worldwide have surged by 38 per cent , study reveals .     france remains the country with the highest number of incidents .     last year it registered 164 anti-semitic attacks , compared to 141 in 2013 .     earlier this year , four hostages were killed at a paris kosher supermarket .     britain was home to 141 violent incidents , after registering 95 a year earlier .
comfortably numb is a single-use 3d printed device that numbs the skin .     produces a rapid chemical reaction to cool the patient 's skin in 60 seconds .     invention costs around $ 2 to make and could help millions terrified of pain .     three first-year students behind invention say it could work for tattoos too .
15 buffalo are shot on friday after escaping the day before from a farm in schodack , new york .     police helicopters fly overhead and nearby schools put on alert in the final moments of the chase .     the herd breaks through three layers of barbed wire fencing and crosses the hudson river during the escape .
norwich move up to third spot with away victory against brighton .     bradley johnson struck in the 62nd minute to hand his side crucial win .     brighton remain in 16th position with six league games to go .
six protesters scale the polar pioneer , hundreds of miles northwest of hawaii .     greenpeace opposes shell 's plans to drill for oil in the arctic .
white house communications director jen psaki is expecting a baby girl in july ; legislative director katie fallon has a may due date for twin boys .     both women say the president has been supportive of their decision to grow their family while serving in his administration .
the havasupai tribe are the smallest indian nation in america , with just over 600 village inhabitants .     they live in the village of supai which can be visited by helicopter or mule , as it is eight miles from the nearest road .     visitors can stay overnight with the tribe and experience the incredible havasu falls .
deion sanders calls out son for `` hood doughnuts '' comments .     `` you 're a huxtable with a million $ trust fund . stop the hood stuff ! ''
managers from the london ambulance service just filled 225 vacant posts .     applicants all from sydney and melbourne recruited after one day of tests .     latest example of how nhs recruits overseas as it fails to train staff in uk .     hospital managers have been hiring batches of 30 nurses on trips to spain .     paramedics are being offered # 4,500 ` golden hellos ' if they agree to move to britain within three months .     managers are so anxious to fill posts that 91 per cent of those who turned up to assessments were offered jobs .     applicants told the mail they had been promised a ` new lifestyle ' that would enable them to gain valuable experience , visit distant relatives and ` shoot off ' to spain for the weekend .     the few paramedics who did n't get jobs when managers first flew out in september were so keen they returned for the latest round of recruitment days -- and vowed to turn up a third time if they still were n't hired .     managers claim they can save the nhs # 9million by flying out to australia rather than training paramedics in britain .
angelique kerber beat caroline wozniacki 3-6 , 6-1 , 7-5 in the final .     the german world no 14 knocked out maria sharapova earlier in the week .     kerber won a porsche sports car for her efforts in stuttgart .
pablo mandado and ilze zebolde left london last year on a quest to explore the world on bicycles .     they camp or stay with couchsurfing and warmshowers hosts and spent an average $ 2.99 per day .     pablo , from spain , and ilze , from latvia , moved to manchester together after meeting in riga in 2011 .     they saved up for their travels , which they share on their website , while working in english restaurants .
wolf hall actor damian lewis said redheads ' ` stock is high '     actors with red hair starring in hit films , game of thrones and mad men .     femail takes a look at the hottest flame-haired stars around .
locals were left wondering who 'd done what after a mysterious message .     the apology was splashed across brisbane 's cbd on monday afternoon .     it prompted questions and theories on twitter about who had done what .     skywriter rob vance said the man did n't appear to be frantically lovelorn .     the service usually charges $ 3990 for up to 10 letters of characters .     the author and recipient of monday 's message remain a mystery .
the cdc says `` the risk to humans is low , '' but , as always , they are preparing for the worst case .     you ca n't get bird flu from eating poultry or eggs .     at least 100 people who worked with the sick birds are being monitored for any sign of sickness .     so far 3.5 million birds have been euthanized .
louis van gaal celebrated beating manchester city at wing 's restaurant .     the chinese restaurant regularly welcomes celebrities and star footballers .     wing shing chu owns the restaurant based in manchester 's city centre .     united and england captain wayne rooney is a regular at wing 's .     radamel falcao , mario balotelli and joe hart have been other visitors .     the most expensive bottle of wine -- a 1983 chateau margaux -- costs # 999 .
elizabeth elena laguna salgado , 26 , from chiapas , mexico , was last seen leaving a language school in provo , utah , april 16 .     she moved to provo a month ago after completing mormon mission to mexico .     elizabeth smart and her father held a press conference friday to draw public 's attention to salgado 's missing person case .     woman 's uncle said she has told him a young man had been pestering her to go out with him , forcing her to pretend having a boyfriend .
grey hair has gone glam with social media awash with images .     users posting images under the hashtag #grannyhair .     models are sporting grey hair on professional beauty shoots .     other instagrammers are posting selfies in front of the bathroom mirror .     stars including kelly osborne , nicole richie and lady gaga and rihanna have helped the trend gain traction .
john sutton jr was just 8 years old in 1940 , when his blacksmith father took him to his first kentucky derby .     the 84-year-old louisville native has n't missed a race since , and has amassed an impressive collection of memorabilia over the past 76 races .     churchill downs , the racing grounds that hosts the competition , has invited sutton to watch the event for free as a special guest on may 2 .
aaron taylor-johnson , 24 , is so mature friends call him benjamin button .     hollywood actor says he ` does n't notice ' 23-year age gap with wife sam , 48 .     the couple have been married for two years and have two daughters .
trichologist philip kingsley says hair consists of protein so eating it is key .     he adds that dietary changes and supplements wo n't pay off overnight .     it takes more than two months for hair follicles to begin to benefit , he says .
nasr bitar spotted google street view car driving around last autumn .     decided it was ` his time to shine ' with it so followed in his car to get a selfie .     sensing the perfect moment , he got out and took the snap in mississauga .     picture of nasr 's selfie and the street view image shared 2.9 million times .
australia have seen sense by revamping their overseas selection policy .     it leaves england looking old-fashioned and they need to react .     matt giteau and drew mitchell are top-class performers for toulon .     steffon armitage and nick abendanon should come into the selection mix .     england need the best squad possible for the forthcoming world cup .
kristin holmes ` uploaded photo after being mistaken for another woman '     in image , 26-year-old is beaming while pointing a gun toward the camera .     she captioned it : ` so you know the difference when you `` come find me '' '     holmes , from virginia , has been charged with harassment by computer .     facing class 1 misdemeanor that lead to one year in jail and $ 2,500 fine .     but she argues the photo was ` just a funny picture ' that ` was n't a threat '     state law bans use of vulgar , indecent and threatening language online .
ramp agent tells authorities he fell asleep in cargo hold , alaska airlines says .     the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .
sam reese , 22 , appeared on the channel 4 show first dates .     the male model suggested he split the # 350 dinner bill with his date .     he claims he has received death threats over his behaviour .
psg star lucas moura has lavished praise on barcelona star lionel messi .     moura has put brazil 's rivalry with argentina to one side to laud messi .     psg face barcelona at parc des princes on wednesday night .     read : psg boss laurent blanc feels his side have hit momentum .
`` mad men 's '' final seven episodes begin airing april 5 .     the show has never had high ratings but is considered one of the great tv series .     it 's unknown what will happen to characters , but we can always guess .
sulforaphane known to block inflammation and damage to the cartilage .     people would have to eat several pounds daily to derive significant benefit .     drug company evgen pharma has developed synthetic version of chemical .
marty stroud admitted in a letter published in a louisiana newspaper last month that he was to blame for putting glenn ford behind bars in 1983 .     stroud : ' i was not as interested in justice as i was in winning '     ford , now 65 , was freed a year ago after evidence emerged showing he was not at the scene of the murder and has since been living on donations .     he has also been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer and has months to live .     stroud visited ford 's home to apologize to him face-to-face but ford told him he was not able to forgive him .
archives reveal list of drunkards banned from every pub in birmingham .     were all put on the 1904 blacklist after convictions under inebriates act .     list was then sent to landlords who were not allowed to sell them booze .     offenders were also ordered to work up to 21 days of ` hard labour '
joel ward joined crystal palace from boyhood club portsmouth in 2012 .     he made his 100th appearance for the club against man city last week .     ward admits he is delighted to have signed a new contract with palace .     the 25-year-old has committed his future , signing a three-and-a-half year deal taking him through until summer 2018 .
former child star was nominated for the office by richard nixon in 1969 and the fbi was called in to check she was suitable .     file reveals agents went to huge lengths to question those who knew her about her - republican - political views and those of husband charles black .     her first husband john agar told agents she was ` untrustworthy ' - unlike then-california governor reagan who strongly backed her .     temple died in february 2014 aged 85 and her 417-page fbi file was obtained by daily mail online under freedom of information act rules .
james creag suffers from rare condition erythropoietic protoporphyria .     he wears a thick brown sunscream to block out harmful rays which would leave him in agony .     but after strangers taunted him with racist abuse he stopped using it .
aged 42 robin rinaldi believed she had conceived a longed-for child .     the pregnancy test was negative and her husband had a vasectomy .     rinaldi then demanded an open marriage and slept with 12 people in a year .
sally kohn : supreme court seems to have increasingly become a place for partisan theatrics .     she says marriage equality arguments seemed even more shaped by politics than the law .
chris sussman said particular jokes must go through ' a lot of layers '     cautiousness comes after a ` difficult few years ' at the bbc , he added .     made the comments at a bafta event on free speech and television .
plane left indianapolis and crashed near bloomington airport after midnight .     among the dead were pilot , business owner , illinois state director of athletics aaron leetch , wells fargo employee and sprint representative .     there was fog in the area when the plane , a cessna 414 , crashed near airport .     illinois state associate head basketball coach torrey ward was also killed .     terry stralow , the owner of a bar called the pub ii , also died in the crash .     ward cryptically tweeted ` my ride to the game was n't bad ' before the tragedy .     faa and the national transportation safety board are investigating the crash .
mike heatlie , 42 , punched fiona mccartney outside edinburgh nightclub .     she is facing # 7,000 dental bill and says she is too scared to leave home .     heatlie pleaded guilty at edinburgh sheriff court to attacking 43-year-old .     stefani previously described trainer as a ` tireless , wonderful motivator '
mark cuban said people should have their blood tested every quarter .     gilbert welch : giving people more tests will increase health spending , but it wo n't make us healthier .
cnn team finds a man at `` unofficial '' displaced camp willing to provide children to be `` fostered ''     he says he ca n't take money for them , but eventually demands $ 500 for two girls .
letter was left in the treasury by the former minister liam byrne in 2010 .     it said : ` dear chief secretary , i 'm afraid there is no money . good luck '     balls insists it was just a ` jokey note ' that should not be taken seriously .     the tories this morning accused him of treating the public with ` contempt '
didier drogba has 15 goals against arsenal for chelsea and galatasaray .     he averages a strike every 78 minutes and 20 seconds against arsenal .     drogba could be chelsea 's only fit striker for sunday 's trip to the emirates .     read : chelsea fans storm emirates stadium and turn arsenal sign blue .     martin keown : deep down , jose mourinho admires arsene wenger 's work .
volvo and a start-up made life paint - a wash-off reflective spray for bikes .     invisible spray covers anything in reflective particles and glows at night .     cans were given away in london cycle shops and proved a big hit .     now some are on sale on ebay and volvo is considering selling the spray .
jonathan crombie is best known for playing gilbert blythe in `` anne of green gables ''     book , movies about girl sent to live on canadian farm .
a company called cyark specializes in digital preservation of threatened ancient and historical architecture .     founded by an iraqi-born engineer , it plans to preserve 500 world heritage sites within five years .
the university of southern california students wanted to help housekeeper fannie randle purchase a new car .     usc senior and former gamma phi beta president alicia jewell called on her sorority sisters and alumni to raise the necessary funds .     ms randle has been driving around in an old duct-taped car .
dan bilzerian , 34 , arrested on explosives charges in december last year .     escaped jail as part of plea that required him to make gun safety film .     film shows bilzerian speaking in monotone voice reading from a script .     sits in front of gun-shaped candle holder next to action figure of himself .
the 34-year-old beauty was seen walking for colcci during são paulo fashion week in her native brazil , wearing a selection of summery ensembles .     supporting her from the front row was husband tom brady , her parents vania and valdir and sister gabriela .     tom shared gushing facebook message about his wife : ` your beauty runs much deeper than what the eye can see '     she is the highest-paid supermodel for the last 10 years and worth a staggering $ 386 million .     in the past 12 months alone she has amassed $ 47 million -lrb- or $ 128,000 a day -rrb- .     mother-of-two plans to publish a book and appear in a documentary on her life .
nick clegg 's wife wears colourful ensemble tonight to london ceremony .     pictured with likes of daisy lowe and kelly hoppen at goldsmiths ' hall .     bright pink , long-sleeved dress covered in bright blooms at ldny show .     had # 560 gianvito rossi perspex-panelled metallic patent-leather pumps .
ground-breaking tv documentary followed three children in medical trials .     they were the first in world to have pioneering treatment immunotherapy .     it uses powerful drugs to kill off cancer cells and destroy bone marrow .     toxicity of immunotherapy means children often need to be sedated .     in the film , the children 's parents reveal why they decided to take part .     the documentary , raining in my heart , will be shown on itv on april 15 .     raining in my heart will be shown on itv on april 15 .
juventus go through to the uefa champions league semi-finals 1-0 on aggregate after second leg draw .     arturo vidal 's penalty in the first leg in torino proved enough to earn the italians a date with winner in madrid .     real madrid defeated 10-man atletico madrid 1-0 in their second leg clash after a 0-0 deadlock in their first leg .
colin cromie hired his stepson 's girlfriend xara grogan as a dental nurse .     he flirted with the 29-year-old , shared sexist jokes and tried to kiss her .     when she turned him down he became ` hostile ' and forced her out of job .     miss grogan won claim for constructive dismissal and sexual harassment .
charles severance , 54 , has been charged with murders of nancy dunning , ron kirby and ruthanne lodato , in virginia , over the space of a decade .     prosecution want severance , who was once a fringe candidate for political office , to stand trial for all three killings together .     claims that severance 's ` parable of the knocker ' linked all three deaths .     the three victims were murdered at random in broad daylight when they answered a knock at their front door .
millionaire businessman backs labour 's plan to scrap ` non-dom ' status .     he said : ' i never thought any party would have courage to do this '     just last week he publicly backed the tories over their economic record .
a couple named burger and king ?     internet has a meltdown over `` vampire diaries '' departure .
american researchers examined more than 900 people aged 60 and over .     experts believe that air pollution could increase the risk of ` silent strokes '     microscopic particles in pollution are thought to kill 29,000 people a year .     the risk of having a silent stroke can be raised by more than 40 per cent .
australian band , the presets , shared a number of posts on facebook .     attacked fans who supported the execution of bali nine duo in indonesia .     ` please unfollow us , delete all our music and stop listening ' , one read .     fans were divided as some supported the band while others did not .
barnet will return to league two next season following emphatic victory .     two goals from mauro vilhete secured 2-0 win over gateshead at the hive .     the bees clinched the conference title ahead of bristol rovers .     barnet players and fans celebrated on the pitch following final whistle .
the 52-year-old libertarian lawmaker from kentucky shared a snapchat video of himself learning how to play liar 's poker with $ 100 bills .     blizerian is best known for his x-rated instagram page followed by 8million users worldwide .     he plays poker professionally and reportedly once earned $ 50million in winnings in just over a year .     video from last year showed blizerian hurling porn star from a roof .
david a. clarke jr. and jonathan thompson : why does google have an app that ambushes police ?     with waze , we are confronted with a tool that can be lethal to police officers and deputies .
thousands of children turned out for the event in sacramento , california .     it was an attempt to break world record but they missed application deadline .     adults invaded children-only event with baskets picking up candy .     other parents raged that their two-year-olds had been crushed in the chaos .
thousands of dead fish were found at a lake in huizhou city in southern china 's guangdong province on friday .     owner of a fish farm which operates from the lake says he found evidence the water was polluted with ammonia .     he claims the loss of 100 tonnes of fish overnight will cost him over 1 million rmb -lrb- # 110,000 -rrb- in potential sales .     employees are working to save any live animals by adding salt to the water to restore the chemical imbalance .
shrinking florida everglades is proof positive climate change is real and is threatening america 's ` national treasures , ' president said today .     obama also took a half - hour walking tour of the the anhinga trail at the 1.5-million-acre national park before giving his speech and heading home .     ' i ca n't think of a better way to spend earth day than in one of our nation 's greatest natural treasures , the everglades , ' he said , calling the swamp , which he acknowledged is not technically a swamp , ` magical '     day trip , on which obama was accompanied by bill nye ` the science guy ' also highlighted massive amount of fuel it takes to power air force one - 9,000 gallons for today 's flights alone .
steven nelms writes that he ` ca n't afford ' his wife to be stay-at-home mom .     he calculates the monetary value of what she contributes to the home , including child care , cooking , cleaning and running the finances .     nelms concludes that his wife 's annual salary should be $ 73,960 .     he writes that he was ` ashamed ' that his wife ever ` felt like she does n't have just as much right to our income as i do '     nelms said his wife has worked since she was 14 and he wanted to make sure she felt appreciated .
cylvia hayes allegedly used her relationship with disgraced governor john kitzhaber to land contracts for her business .     emails show she routinely attended meetings and was copied in on emails among senior staff .     also requested information and clerical assistance from state employees .
floyd mayweather jr and manny pacquiao 's fight will be the richest ever .     sportsmail 's jeff powell is counting down the ring 's most significant fights .     joe louis ' 1938 re-match with max schmeling is the second in the series .
victor agbafe , 17 , is currently attending cape fear academy in wilmington .     he plans to double major in microbiology with government or economics .     smart young man faces tough choice after being accepted into 14 colleges .     he credits his mother , a nigerian immigrant and physician , for his success .     will make decision this month and he hopes to become a neurosurgeon .
mamadou sakho will miss monday night football clash for liverpool .     emre can could replace defender after completing suspension .     daryl janmaat fit for newcastle united after warm-up scare at sunderland .     fabricio coloccini will complete his three-match ban for the toon .
flamur ukshini , 23 , from kosovo , is the doppelgänger of zayn malik .     the university student 's likeness has got him 40,000 instagram followers .     he tells femail that he is often asked for photos in the street .
nasa chief scientist ellen stofan believes we 're close to finding alien life .     indications within a decade ; definitive evidence within `` 20 to 30 years , '' she said .     finding water on other celestial bodies is key to determination .
tony morris qc is mounting landmark legal challenge in queensland .     his blue volvo was caught doing 57km/h in a 50km/h zone last year .     he says he was n't behind the wheel but wo n't the name person who was .     he has invoked a spousal privilege case from 1817 .     it means a husband ca n't be compelled to incriminate his wife .
doug hughes , 61 , said the point was to present solutions to corruption .     hughes mentioned the idea a couple of years ago , his friend says .     hughes had a son who committed suicide , report says .
andrew cole revealed he went out for dinner on saturday with four of his former manchester united team-mates .     cole was joined by ryan giggs , paul scholes , gary neville and nicky butt .     manchester united fell to a 1-0 defeat by premier league leaders chelsea .
officers arrested jason rezaian and his wife in july on unspecified allegations .     it took months to charge him ; charges were made public last week .     the washington post and the state department find the charges `` absurd ''
tiger woods , back in august , georgia , after missing the masters last year following surgery hopes to pull of a stunning return to greatness .     his girlfriend vonn managed to come back after surgery that followed a devastating knee injury and win her 18th world cup , a women 's record .
death toll in nepal climbs above 4,600 , officials say , with more than 9,000 injured .     shattered villages near epicenter are hard to reach , says aid worker in the area .     more bad weather is forecast for the region in the coming days .
harper beckham and north west have both attended fashion week shows .     harper attends with father david and brothers to support victoria 's shows .     north made headlines throwing tantrum while seated next to anna wintour .     roxy jacenko 's three-year-old daughter attended two mbfwa shows .
quinn patrick stands over the fish while on a trip with his dad .     bowfin propels itself from ground and slaps him in the face .     makes a noise not dissimilar to a sound effect used in cartoons .     youngster stumbles backwards but takes the hit remarkably well .
leicester defender matthew upson will miss out against former club .     dean hammond and jeff schlupp to be given fitness tests by foxes .     winston reid returns from hamstring injury for west ham united .     hammers without enner valencia who is back in training .     andy carroll , james tomkins and doneil henry also missing for west ham .
mchenry , 28 , berated single mother gina michelle for towing her car .     she insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .     espn suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .     but despite thousands of calls for her to be fired , she returned this week .     covered nhl game between new york islanders and washington capitals .
gloucester take on edinburgh in european challenge cup final on friday .     jonny may will start for the premiership club at the stoop .     may hopes impressing against edinburgh can help an england recall .
mike holpin , from ebbw vale in monmouthshire , has at least 40 children .     he has three ps4s , three widescreen tvs and more than 200 # 50 games .     16 of children taken into care ` because of my drinking and womanising '     but 56-year-old wants more because he ` ca n't live without them '     ` in the bible , god says go forth and multiply . i 'm doing what god wants '
itv meteorologist lucy verasamy visited le manoir aux quat ` saisons .     cooking lessons and luxury awaited at raymond blanc 's manor house .     tried the seven-course taster menu at the two michelin-starred restaurant .     the day-long food , body , mind course combined nutrition and recipes .
welsh wizard gareth bale opened the scoring in sunday 's stunning win .     real madrid put nine goals past granada to keep pressure on barcelona .     bale treated himself to a bbq in the spanish sun following victory .     cristiano ronaldo scored five goals in the sensational team performance .
the posters feature a portrait of clinton with phrases including ` do n't say ambitious ' and ` do n't say entitled '     street art appears to be a dig at clinton supporters who said words like ` entitled ' and ` secretive ' which are used to describe her , are sexist .     on sunday , anti-hillary clinton users shared on twitter reasons why they will not vote for her using the hashtag that began trending online .
michelle woods told by her daughter of ` something moving ' in the bath .     went to check and found a four-foot orange corn snake slithering around .     panicking she posted an appeal on facebook for help to rescue the reptile .     believes her home 's previous tenant kept snakes as pets and may have lost it moving out .
the young boy holds a tiny blue and yellow toy fishing rod .     he crouches by the side of the water and reels in the catch .     before plucking it from the lake and holding it to the camera .     shot in thailand , the video appears to show a nile tilapia fish .
lauren halliday and steven smith were evacuated from randolph hotel .     came as huge fire broke out at the 119-bedroom establishment in oxford .     couple feared they 'd have to get married in jeans but ceremony went ahead .
let toys be toys highlighted some of today 's ` sexist ' toys .     started hashtag #notanaprilfools on april 1 sharing pictures online .     toys include cookery books with separate foods for boys and girls .     babygro for girls reads ' i hate my thighs ' - the boys ' one says ` i 'm super '
ronda blaylock was just 14 years old in 1980 when she was found stabbed to death and brutally assaulted .     this after she and a friend had taken a ride home from a man after school in rural hall , north carolina .     town is some wholesome it was used as a model for mayberry in ` the andy griffith show '     her friend was dropped off but ronda was never seen again .     the man , now likely in his late fifties , has never been found .     now police say that new dna evidence as well as testimony from key witnesses has them close to solving the case .     surry county sheriff graham atkinson said in a press conference on monday the man still lives in the area and they are close to finding him .
the film is expected to gross $ 115 million or more .     paul walker died in a car crash during filming .     `` furious 7 '' poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 so far .
boy , five , pelts police with stones as palestinian protesters clash with israeli police on the northern west bank .     violence erupted after more than 100 demonstrators took part in a rally to mark palestinian prisoners day .     israel has arrested around 800,000 palestinians in the occupied territories since 1967 with 6,000 currently being held .
louis smith , mbe , admits he has a habit for posting saucy topless selfies .     the athlete says he works hard for his body and wants to show it off .     is he closing in on ` queen of the belfie ' kim kardashian ?
premier league footballers are voting for pfa players ' player of the year .     eden hazard and harry kane are the leading candidates for the award .     sergio aguero , alexis sanchez and david de gea are also contenders .     luis suarez won last year with gareth bale taking the prize the year before .
selena quintanilla-perez will be re-created as hologram-like figure .     the tejano singer is first to be part of a new technology , says sister .     selena was killed 20 years ago but remains hugely popular .
little catalina from america was filmed emptying out the contents of the kitchen cupboards at home .     but when her father tells her to clean up her mess , she vehemently refuses with a heated - and rather cute - argument ensuing .
making calls and using the internet abroad results in very large bills .     with three 's feel at home lets visitors use their phones at no extra cost .     it covers 18 countries including 10 in europe .
borussia dortmund host bayern munich on saturday at signal iduna park .     teams contest germany 's biggest domestic game , der klassiker .     but little is riding on it with bayern munich cruising to bundesliga title .     dortmund hope home win will keep them in shout of europa league spot .
social media largely supports jenner .     more people seemed intrigued that he 's a republican .
kelvin day , from surrey , has played a handful of events on web.com tour .     he entered the qualifying for the houston open and finished tied first .     he then made the cut and is now three shots off the lead .     victory for day would earn him a place in the masters field .
philippe coutinho scored in the 70th minute for liverpool at ewood park .     the brazilian found the bottom corner of simon eastwood 's goal in fa cup quarter-final replay .     the first tie between the two sides at anfield last month ended in a goalless draw .     liverpool to face aston villa in semi-final at wembley on sunday , april 19 .
when spain first became a real power , their own fans did n't know at first .     the european champions won three trophies on the spin , but need a reboot .     likes of xavi , carles puyol , david villa and fernando torres can hand over .     juan bernat 's champions league performance signalled part of the new era .     spain still have a golden harvest to bring in from the country 's youth .     former under 21 coach julen lopetegui downed bayern munich this week .     almost all of their former youth side are playing in european competitions .
the raiders stripped off before entering the esso station in caterham .     police have released cctv images of two of the three would-be raiders .     the men escaped with one staff member 's mobile phone but no cash .     a third man has been arrested and is on police bail following the incident .
chelsea can secure the league title if they beat arsenal and leicester .     jose mourinho and arsene wenger have had a decade of touchline battles .     mourinho has hit back at wenger 's ` defensive ' jibes ahead of sunday .     he said : ` if it was easy , you would n't lose 3-1 at home to monaco '
a. alfred taubman , the self-made michigan billionaire died on friday night at his home of a heart attack .     taubman 's business success spanned from real estate and art houses to the hot dog-serving a&w restaurant chain .     waubman was convicted in 2001 of conspiring with the former chairman of christie 's to fix the commissions the auction giants charged at sotheby 's .     taubman was fined $ 7.5 million and spent about a year in a low-security prison in rochester , minnesota , but long insisted he was innocent .
nephew of jfk , and son for former attorney general , opposes vaccines .     he believes a chemical called thimerosal causes autism in children .     promoting protest film , he likened vaccinated kids to holocaust victims .     on monday , he apologized for the comment after widespread criticism .
moutassem yazbek describes harrowing 12-day journey from turkey to italy .     yazbek , a syrian refugee , paid a smuggler $ 6,500 to get him to italy in december .
lewis hamilton roared to victory in bahrain to extend his lead in title race .     it marked the world champion 's third victory from four races this season .     he was interviewed on the podium by the legendary sir jackie stewart .     and hamilton could do worse than learn a few things from the great scot .
chris greenwood travelled with his family to argeles-sur-mer , france .     it offers water slides and a heated pool with a retractable roof .     port of collioure , located nearby , has a beach perfect for swimming .
danny welbeck faces fitness test for arsenal following england duty .     gunners are without alex oxlade-chamberlain due to hamstring complaint .     daniel sturridge & adam lallana may be fit after pulling out england squad .     dejan lovren set to replace suspended martin skrtel in defence .     steven gerrard also ruled out following red card vsmanchester united .
patrick cherry will appear on nbc new york on friday night to apologize .     he has been stripped of his badge , will be placed on desk duty before being transferred out of the nypd 's joint terrorism task force division .     cherry was investigated by the civilian complaint review board after an uber passenger recorded meltdown .     ` no good cop should watch that video without a wince , ' nypd police chief bill bratton said at a press conference wednesday .     cherry was reportedly on his way back from visiting a colleague in hospital .     the uber driver ` honked ' at cherry as he pulled into a parking space without signalling .
chrystie crownover told gma that bruce revealed his ` true self ' the year they were married in 1972 .     chrystie told gma that she has kept his secret for the past 43-years .     revealed she was shocked at first but was pleased he told her and ` never felt threatened '     told gma that she watched friday 's diane sawyer interview with bruce .     the olympic champion and chrystie have two children together and are grandparents .
roger is an alpha male at the alice springs kangaroo sanctuary in the nt .     he was gifted the new stuffed toy bunny by a fan and grew attached to it .     manager chris barnes said he tried to take it off roger and was attacked .     mr barnes adopted kangaroo after finding its mother dead on a highway .
the posters were hung around youngstown state university this week .     posters promoted event as a time to not highlight sexual orientation or differences among students .     student government leaders believe the posters were satire , but still worked with university officials to get the posters removed .     though they were posted anonymously , officials are investigating possible student code violations and disciplinary action may follow .
the university of kentucky wildcats were kicked out of the ncaa tournament saturday night after a loss to wisconsin .     at a press conference following the game , a reporter asked another uk player about wisconsin 's frank kaminsky .     harrison covered his mouth and said ` f *** that n **** ' referring to kaminsky , and the microphone picked up the slur .     in a series of tweets on sunday , harrison apologized for the statement .     kaminsky has said that ` nothing needs to be made out of ' the situation .
bruno smartcan is world 's first internet connected vacuum and rubbish bin .     it uses sensors to detect when dust is brushed close to it and sucks it up .     motion sensors open the lid automatically and can send alerts to your phone to remind you when the trash needs to be taken out .
jonathan crombie died of a brain hemorrhage on wednesday in new york .     he played gilbert blythe in the anne of green gables films .     the toronto actor went on to star in the drowsy chaperone on broadway .
cloud appeared in central china 's hunan province last friday .     a university student snapped the moment on his way to the library .     picture has sparked tongue-in-cheek debate on mother nature 's password .
anais zanotti , 30 , has completed 1,350 freestyle skydives .     french model moved to miami to pose for international magazines .     is also a pro skydiver who teaches other adrenaline junkies how to jump .
stan freberg was famed comedian , song parodist .     he later became adman , did a number of outrageous commercials .     `` weird al '' yankovic : '' a legend , an inspiration , and a friend ''
liverpool have made contact with dortmund over fee for ciro immobile .     liverpool 's lack of champions league football may hamper thier plans .     man city need homegrown players and qpr 's alex mccarthy could fit bill .     west ham have revived interest in sampdoria midfielder pedro obiang .     chelsea have checked on standard liege left-back damien dussaut .
gael monfils beat roger federer 6-4 , 7-6 at the monte carlo masters .     the frenchman showed how good he can be in thrilling last-16 win .     monfils now faces grigor dimitrov in the quarter-finals in monaco .
celtic travelled to the united states , austria and germany last pre-season .     the scottish club were then beaten in the champions league by legia .
pope is presiding over torchlight procession in front of the colosseum .     he used way of the cross service to highlight persecution of christians .     pope francis delivered maundy thursday mass at rebibbia prison .     afterwards pontiff offered to kiss the feet of 12 of the jail 's inmates .
26-year-old atlanta woman uses a mason jar as a trash can .     she has produced about as much waste in six months as an average person does in less than a day .     she strives to live a ` zero waste ' lifestyle .
america has the highest incarceration rate in the world , holding 25 % of the world 's prisoners .     evan feinberg : we must change the dismal status quo with specific solutions .
australian plus size model laura wells releases eco-friendly swimwear .     the swim range goes up to size 24 and is 100 per cent recyclable material .     the prints australian ocean inspired designs and coral reef colours .     the swimwear is a collaboration with us brand swim sexy .
survivor jeff bauman stresses `` we will never replace the lives that were lost ''     a man who was at the finish line is glad dzhokhar tsarnaev is now a `` convicted killer ''     `` justice has been served today , '' says a once wounded police officer .
stephanie coontz : indiana , arkansas governors caught off guard by outrage , boycotts over anti-lgbt law .     she says religious conservatives who discriminate no longer hold sway in a culture comfortable with diversity , including same-sex marriage .
customers can have a picnic basket delivered after ordering online .     paris picnics packs all the specialties , including french bread and wine .     more expensive menu options include macarons and foie gras .
kim ki-jong , 55 , was indicted on charges of attempted murder for allegedly slashing u.s. ambassador mark lippert with a razor at a breakfast forum .     prosecutors have also been investigating whether kim violated a controversial law that bans praise or assistance for north korea .     activist kim blames the presence of 28,500 u.s. troops in the south as a deterrent to the north for the continuing split of the korean peninsula .
filmmakers said they plan to use the latest ultra hd camera technology .     eight-part series will take four years to make , will debut on netflix in 2019 .     will focus on the earth 's last wilderness areas and the animals living there .
book by robert streeter and robert hoehn republished from 1930s .     originally designed to discover clever people by posing hard questions .
django greenblatt-seay , 33 , thought the ad would help his post stand out and ` add a little flair to it '     commercial includes cinematic overhead shots greenblatt-seay filmed using his drone .     it is soundtracked with an old-fashioned 1987 ford taurus commercial and dubbed by greenblatt-seay to make the information relevant .
pope calls mass murder of armenians ` first genocide of the 20th century '     the 1915 killings saw 1.5 m armenians slaughtered by ottoman turks .     turkey said pope francis ' comments had caused a ` problem of trust '     turkey denies killings were genocide , saying both sides suffered loss .
singer reveals it took her eight months to get diagnosed properly .     doctors told her she was crazy and that her ailment did not exist .     when she was finally diagnosed she learned she had lyme disease .     has ` no idea ' where she got the tick bite which must have been attached for 36 hours in order to transfer the disease .     same condition that has left real housewives star yolanda foster unable to read , write or watch tv .
giant pig fell into the swimming pool at his home in ringwood , hampshire .     it took the efforts of a team of firefighters to winch him out of the water .     a wayward horse also had to be rescued from a swimming pool in sussex .
philippines voiced alarm about chinese ` aggressiveness ' in the south china sea ahead of war games with the us .     president benigno aquino set to ask southeast asian leaders to issue collective denouncement of china 's activities .     the aerial images show recent chinese construction over seven reefs and shoals in the spratly archipelago .     ` concern is that the installations will give the chinese the ability to project force much better ' - rusi expert .
women 's institute centenary celebrations will be held at the venue in june .     told they must pay extra money because some ingredients were donated .     extra fees are liable if products of commercial sponsors are promoted .
jeffrey sachs : raw capitalism is the economics of greed .     last year was the earth 's hottest year on record , he says .
the video shows two men and one woman entering the los angeles home .     they 're seen tip-toeing through the house before entering another room .     but then one suspect returns and looks straight at the camera before he ducks and knocks it down .     the lapd released the film in hopes it will help catch the burglars , described as being age 17 to 20 .
skin laundry , a trendy new skin clinic in manhattan , offers a ten-minute laser facial which promises to tighten skin .     clients have to sign a waiver allowing the clinic to give information to a funeral director , a coroner and to donate their organs .
newcastle would be on 20 points if alan pardew 's five wins were removed .     john carver has won just two games in 14 since taking over the side .     newcastle 's players look uninterested and uninspired since he left the club .     the 53-year-old has made a blistering start in charge of crystal palace .     click here for all the latest newcastle united news .
nigerian muslims threw 12 christians overboard when he refused to stop .     surviving refugees on dinghy looked distressed when they arrived in italy .     italian ships have rescued 10,000 refugees fleeing war in africa this week .     among them was boat of libyans who were suffering from severe burns .
each year 300,000 people visit salzburg to visit magical filming locations .     the first tours started shortly after the film debuted 50 years ago .     buses emblazoned with the sound of music circle the city every day .
delaware rare book dealer ian brabner bought the form at ephemera show .     it 's dated august 21 , 1921 , and lists 20 questions for potential kkk recruits .     questions include ` are you a jew ? ' and ` do you want white supremacy ? '
clinton endorsed gay marriage in 2013 ; said she ` was fully in support of gay marriage and that it is now continuing to proceed state-by-state '     in a terse interview with npr last year in which she declined to go into detail about her views on the topic , she repeated that position .     spokesperson today said she ` hopes the supreme court will come down on the side of same-sex couples being guaranteed that constitutional right '     high court will hear arguments on april 28 in cases on the matter .     clinton brought attention to the issue with her campaign launch video on sunday that featured a gay couple planning their wedding .     she spoke out after gop candidate marco rubio took flak for saying tuesday that states , not the federal government , should decide the issue .
catherine gerhardt reached out to competitors when she started business .     she was ignored by most but received one nasty email from a ` flamer '     ms gerhardt chose to employ ` ice ' and ignore , communicate and exit .     she teaches this same policy to children through her company kidproof .     a flamer sends messages with intention to hurt the victim and get reaction .
two more african-americans have been elected to the ferguson city council .     tuesday 's vote is the first in ferguson since the shooting death of michael brown .
the massachusetts senator says washington works well for special interests and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation .     she says that in her eyes , two declared gop candidates have already disqualified themselves .
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray .     assistant john brooks was spot on with two close calls in same move .     crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 in premier league on monday .
lee garlington is opening up about his secret gay relationship with hollywood star rock hudson .     garlington and hudson dated from 1962 until 1965 , and hudson called him his ` one true love '     garlington says he would sneak over to the star 's house after work , and leave first thing in the morning .     he also says the two would each bring a date when they went out to avoid being outed .     hudson died in 1985 of aids .
some are child actors , others are former hollywood heartthrobs .     can be attributed to poor lifestyles , career lows , or shattered relationships .     renée zellweger caused controversy with her dramatically altered face .
the retail scene is changing too with macy 's due to open soon .     an opera house is being built in the lagoons area .     several trendy art galleries have appeared .
tour guide gets down in the dirt to attract a mob of emus in the outback .     the flightless birds are able to reach running speeds of 70 kms/hr .     the manoeuvre is thought to be an old aboriginal technique to catch emus .
analysis of google search results has revealed the areas in europe and the united states most concerned with different sexually transmitted diseases .     herpes are a concern in norway while finland searches most for chlamydia .     mississippi searched for gonorrhea and syphilis more than any other state .     while in the uk , chlamydia seemingly causes the most concern and is incidentally the most commonly diagnosed std in the country .
usain bolt is in brazil as olympic anticipation begins to rise .     the sprinter visited a favela and jogged with children training there .     he spoke of his excitement at competing in rio for next year 's games .
chief executive of pret clive schlee allows employees to give out goodies .     an insider revealed that being extra happy or sad helps secure a freebie .     femail 's deni kirkova wore two outfits : plain and more glamorous .     got a free coffee for each outfit - but a free cookie as well in her red dress .
obama recently explained u.s. foreign policy moves on iran and cuba .     sager : misguided u.s. leadership and policies are reasons for the enduring tragedy in the middle east .
boris johnson issues rally cry to defeat ed miliband in ` battle for britain '     london mayor has warned that labour victory next month would be ` mad '     he says conservatives need five years to ` entrench the economic recovery '
the latest installment in the fast and furious franchise has smashed box office records for the month of april .     it ranks ninth among the top ten openings in cinema history with audiences flocking to paul walker in one of his final roles before his death in 2013 .     analysts had estimated that it would open in the $ 115 million range , but it managed to earn almost $ 30m more .     walker was killed in a single-car accident when his friend roger rodas 's red 2005 porsche carrera gt hit a lamppost and burst into flames .
patricia wilnecker has visited lamorna cove every year since 1948 .     pensioner , 81 , even moved to the area and wrote book about cornish coast .     but landowner claims she deliberately knocked down son daniel , 36 .     roy stevenson said she can come back if ` she tells him she 's sorry '
in july 2010 , joyce bruce got pregnant in an unusual way -- with repeated attempts using a turkey baster .     the man who gave her his sperm wanted to have a role in his son 's life .     they ended up in court , and he has won joint custody and visitation rights .
u.n. agency says 900 refugees from yemen have arrived in horn of africa , asks ships in area to be vigilant .     who : at least 643 people have been killed , more than 2,000 injured in three weeks .     unicef : aid includes medical supplies for up to 80,000 people and more airlifts are planned .
david bianculli : correspondents ' dinner , and cecily strong as host , were mostly weak , but obama had some funny zingers .     he says `` anger translator '' bit was funny , but crowd was tough on strong as event went on and on .
charles dunstone backed labour in 2005 election , but now supports tories .     said conservatives deserved credit for remarkable economic turnaround .     admired tories for sticking with plan even when opinion was against them .     said labour party under miliband wrongly saw business as ` the problem '
jody farley-berens helps single parents who are battling cancer .     farley-berens saw the need firsthand through her childhood friend .     do you know a hero ? nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroes .
now 5 months old , the 14-inch , 11-pound tuah is starting to crawl .     tuah was revealed to the public on saturday at salt lake city 's hogle zoo .     tuah 's parents died shortly after she was born .     tuah 's father was eli , an orangutan who became famous for correctly predicting the super bowl winner seven years in a row .     once she is ready , tuah 's sister acara will care for her instead of humans .
luis suarez scored a brace while neymar also netted in 3-1 win at psg .     suarez has 17 goals for the season after slow start to life at the nou camp .     suarez , lionel messi and neymar is the best front three in world football .     psg missed zlatan ibrahimovic 's world-class qualities in their defeat .
olivier rousteing has revealed why he chose kim and kanye for balmain .     designer says the couple are ` among the most talked-about people '     fashionable couple love wearing matching designs by balmain designer .
sue perkins received abuse on twitter when her name was mentioned .     the general opinion being stated was ` men do cars , women do cake . '     here , sarah vine states why women are often just as keen on cars as men .
5,500 signatures call for jedi temple after similar petition asked for campus mosque .     petition started by a student at dokuz eylul university in the western province of izmir .
center for campus involvement announced cancellation tuesday in response to complaints about portrayals of arabs in the film .     sophomore lamees mekkaoui started a petition saying the subject of the film , late navy seal chris kyle , was ` mass killer ' and ' a racist '     university apologized and said american sniper will be replaced at friday 's mixer with pg-rated children 's film paddington .     conservative student group started competing petition calling on u of m to screen the iraq war drama .     football coach jim harbaugh weighed in and said the team was ` proud ' of chris kyle and would screen the film for players .
the black-eyed bandit was found stuck 30ft-high on a flag pole outside philadelphia 's cathedral basilica of saints peter and paul on tuesday .     after a few hours , animal control officers were able to coax him down .
royal baby gaga the brainchild of breastfeeding campaigner victoria hiley .     the leeds mother collaborated with ice-creamery the licktators .     ms hiley wanted to remind duchess of cambridge of breastfeeding benefits .
a chicago cubs fan enjoyed a beer with a hint of baseball at wrigley field .     the 24-year-old caught a foul ball in her drink during saturday 's game .
bubba watson sits four shots off huang wen-yi 's lead in china .     defending champion was off the pace at the shenzhen international .     watson will be looking to put masters disappointment behind him .     the american finished 38th at augusta national .
new belgium brewery will make a beer inspired by ben & jerry 's ice cream .     it will be called `` salted caramel brownie ''
james tomkins underwent surgery on a dislocated shoulder last month .     defender tomkins picked up the freak injury during a gym session .     surgery went well and the 26-year-old is closing in on a return to action .     however , tomkins accepted it may be too late to feature again this season .     click here for all the latest west ham news .
david alaba posted video on his instagram of the cast being removed .     the austrian is currently out after suffering knee ligament damage .     bayern munich face porto in the champions league on wednesday .
axed top gear presenter was seen laughing with traffic warden in london .     the warden had tried to leave a parking ticket on his borrowed supercar .     after a friendly chat , the warden walks away forgetting to leave the ticket .     clarkson had parked his car to inspect a black ferrari pininfarina 275 .
former first lady hillary clinton has not announced whether or not she will run for president .     her husband says he will support her wishes no matter what - but will take a back-seat role if and when she begins her campaign .     during her 2008 campaign , it was reported that his staffers clashed with her team .
sir bradley wiggins will bid to break cycling 's hour record this year .     he will race at london 's olympic velodrome in front of 6,000 fans in june .     wiggins will ride in next month 's tour de yorkshire .     he is also targeting his eighth olympic medal at the rio 2016 games .
christian benteke has scored six goals in eight games .     emmanuel adebayor thrived under tim sherwood at tottenham last term .     sherwood handed jack grealish only his second villa start on saturday .
sara martin , from lititz , pa. , had n't spoken for weeks after health declined .     but one day recently , the dying mother-of-three uttered the word : ` florida '     now , devoted family is driving her there for what will likely be final holiday .     they are leaving for the city of sarasota in south-west florida in rv today .     mrs martin , 37 , was diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer five years ago .     she is married and has three children ; carlie , 12 , gretchen , 11 , connor , 9 .     she has not spoken again and has been told she does n't have long to live .
barr has macular degeneration and glaucoma , eye diseases that get progressively worse and can steal vision .     the risk for both diseases goes up for everyone after age 60 .     sun exposure can up the risk for glaucoma and macular degeneration .
lewis hamilton has been out in la ahead of the fifth race of the season .     hamilton chauffeured younger brother nicolas around town in his cobra .     mercedes driver has won three of his four races this calendar year .     reigning champion heading to santa monica ahead of spanish grand prix .     nicolas hamilton preparing for the british touring car championship .
university of illinois researchers gave 150 children a pattern game .     it was designed to test cognitive flexibility , which is our ability to shift attention and select information to fit the changing demands of a task .     they compared the results with the children 's food diaries .     found those who ate fatty food had slower reaction times and worse working memories than children who ate healthier diets .
tiger woods finishes tied for seventeenth in the 2015 masters at augusta .     woods could only score 73 on sunday , seven shots less than rory mcilroy .     there has been enough to suggest that woods is not finished yet .     jordan spieth won this year 's masters after finishing on 18 under par .
the pentagon announced tuesday plans to identify the remains of hundreds of sailors and soldiers killed on board the uss oklahoma .     the uss oklahoma sank during the december 7 , 1941 japanese assault on pearl harbor , the american military base and port .     the attack on pearl harbor resulted in the death of over 2,000 americans and marked the united states ' entrance into world war ii .
yvonne camargo , of victorville , california , was arrested after she was identified from the video .     the cameraman films camargo for more than a minute before she notices .     he then asks what she 's doing but camargo does not respond .     the cameraman said he started filming after seeing the woman ` pulling this kid by his hair ' out of a kohl 's .
walter scott was killed by a south carolina police officer in april .     danny cevallos : failure to pay child support should be a civil matter , not a crime .
stunning creations made by uk 's top cake artists and shown at the cake international exhibition in london .     bakers used a range of decorating techniques and detailed sugar work to make the stunning cakes .     every part of the ornate bakes is edible from the hand moulded sugar beads to sugar-work figurines .     each cake egg measures 30cm high and was created as part of a feature for cake masters magazine .
espn reporter britt mchenry caught on video berating a towing company employee .     cnn 's kelly wallace used the story as a teachable moment for her daughters .     wallace : mchenry could learn from other celebrities who responded gracefully in stressful situations .
kieran murray asked americans to repeat ` g'day mate , how you going ? '     some were lost for words , while others dissolved into fits of laughter .     one man was convinced murray was saying ` get out of my nightgown '     another was insistent on telling his story about britney spears .     the video is the second of it 's kind which asks foreigners to repeat phrase .
the prosecutor looking at allegations against argentina 's president says no crime committed .     the original prosecutor who brought the case was found dead in january .
many large chinese cities ration license plates as they look for a solution to gridlocked roads and pollution .     it means many prospective car owners have to bid in license auctions .     but hybrid vehicles automatically qualify for a license plate .
# 2.99 editing app is thought to be loved by kim kardashian .     allows you to retouch face , banish wrinkles and change eye colour .     femail tests out retouching skills on their selfies .
rowyn johnson was 17-months-old when she was killed in september .     cassie miller accidentally ran the child over in the driveway of her home .     miller was picking up rowyn 's brother for preschool .     rowyn 's mom , brynn johnson , forgave miller , knowing it was an accident .     the two have now started a charity to honor rowyn and help other families .
drone was filming at royal burgers zoo chimp enclosure for a tv show .     chimpanzees spotted the drone - and one grabbed a branch .     on its second attempt , it knocked the drone out of the sky .
barcelona , bayern munich , juventus and real madrid make up last four .     real madrid are looking to retain their title and win for the 11th time .     barcelona have won three champions leagues since 2006 .     bayern munich are five-time winners and last won at wembley in 2013 .     juventus ' two european cup wins came in 1985 and 1996 .
cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta says we should legalize medical marijuana now .     he says he knows how easy it is do nothing `` because i did nothing for too long ''
poets house is a swish new hotel in ely , three minutes from the cathedral .     it comes complete with 21 chic rooms - and complimentary valet parking .     it used to be an old people 's home , but is a world remove from this era .
cle ` bone ' sloan , 45 , was one of two men hit by knight 's pickup truck .     terry carter , 55 , was killed in alleged hit-and-run outside burger stand .     knight is accused of murdering carter , and attempting to murder sloan .     preliminary hearing in los angeles is deciding whether knight can be tried .     sloan today claimed he could not remember the details of the encounter .     would not identify knight , said he was forced to courtroom by subpoena .
modular robotic vehicle developed at nasa 's johnson space center .     each wheel can be controlled independently and turn 180 degrees .     shows off the technologies that could let man move across other planets .     could also be used to improve self driving cars on earth .
reality tv star said mr miliband ` definitely ' topped her list of politicians .     she was asked who she would pick in a game of ` snog , marry or avoid '     bright said mr miliband was ` good looking ' and had ` good dress sense '     it comes after the labour leader became an unlikely pin-up for teen girls .     thousands of teenagers took to twitter claiming to be ` milifans '
dramatic photos of the blood-red sky in aershan have gone viral in china .     mud-like residue after the storm causes health concern with many citizens .     no comments been given by the authorities on the cause of the incident .     web users link the incident with the monster sandstorm attacking beijing .
usain bolt will compete at the iaaf/btc world relays on may 2-3 .     six-time olympic gold medalist says he 's ` fit , healthy and ready to run '     bolt was part of the jamaica team that won gold at london 2012 .
study finds booze ` mimics ' how a person 's body demonstrates health .     facial flushing and confidence perceived as ` healthy and attractive '     experiment by the university of bristol dubbed ` reverse beer goggles '
myuran sukumaran 's friend ben quilty says he will face his execution with ` strength and dignity '     ` myuran always said to me he would never take this lying down ... that he would stare them down , ' the artist said .     sukumaran and chan have selected ` spiritual advisers ' to accompany them on their final journey .     both men refused to sign their execution warrants three days before their execution , saying that the process was unjust .     as his final request , chan has asked for a final church service with his family .     sukumaran has also requested as much time as possible to paint .     the men have both nominated spiritual witnesses to their execution .
the tv star has suffered with episodes of depression since childhood .     contemplated suicide following divorce from first husband .     celebrating 15th wedding anniversary with husband phil vickery in may .     has just penned a sixth novel , a good catch .     says she has talked herself out of botox , is happy to look like a 57-yr-old .     for confidential support call the national suicide prevention lifeline on 1-800-273-talk -lrb- 8255 -rrb- in the uk , or call the samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch , or click here .
aston villa teenager jack grealish was pictured taking ` hippy crack '     grealish was in impressive form in aston villa 's win over liverpool .     villa boss tim sherwood has warned grealish over his future behaviour .
carl jenkinson says hot prospect jack grealish must follow his heart .     the aston villa star is wanted by ireland and england for internationals .     the west ham full back had the option of playing for finland and england .     grealish has hit the headlines after impressing for the midlands side .     click here for all the latest west ham news .
mccoy laid into his former coach , saying he does n't respect star talent .     after a day with his new franchise , he said they have more of an nfl feel than the eagles , who drafted him in the second round of the 2009 draft .     ' i do n't think he likes or respects the stars . i 'm being honest , ' said the 26-year-old running back .
as an island race , no one in britain lives more than 70 miles from the sea .     enterprise neptune is the national trust 's campaign to save the coastline .     since starting in 1965 the trust has acquired 742 miles of the british coast .
holder took a victory lap in his farewell speech , claiming credit for overseeing a ` golden age ' of federal law enforcement .     no mention of being held in criminal contempt of congress for failing to hand over subpoenaed documents related to the operation fast and furious scandal .     standing-room-only crowd rushed to embrace him after his final address .     loretta lynch , a brooklyn-n.y. federal prosecutor , is holder 's replacement .
dick advocaat warned his side they face relegation if they do n't improve .     sunderland were thumped by crystal palace at the stadium of light .     blacks cats boss advocaat has admitted he is worried by relegation .     sunderland are three points clear of the premier league relegation zone .
bobbi kristina brown has `` global and irreversible '' brain damage , her grandmother says .     `` we can only trust in god for a miracle at this time , '' cissy houston says .     bobby brown , her father , had said at a concert that she was `` awake ''
australian model agencies reveal new demand for social media following .     gigi hadid and mimi elashiry are examples of models with huge followings .     clients demand models have a minimum of 10,000 followers .     models are learning to self-promote as part of their job .     agencies chic and viviens now have ` influencer ' and ` blogger ' divisions .
graeme mcdowell carded a final round of 73 on sunday .     mcdowell thinks his style of putting is not suited to augusta .     the former us open could have had a worse score .     mcdowell was initally give a one-shot penalty for moving his marker as he was attempting to swap a bee away from his ball on the third green .     but the penalty was rescinded later in the day .
special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh , 34 , of livonia , michigan , died sunday after being found unresponsive friday .     the other seal , 32-year-old special warfare operator 1st class seth cody lewis of queens , new york , died on friday .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks basketball game on tuesday night .     one of his favorite nfl players was watching from the sidelines - houston texans defensive lineman j.j. watt .     when he finished , the 26-year-old athlete ran across the court to congratulate him , with the heartwarming moment caught on camera .
group are the first living veterans of 2,800 to receive the legion of honour .     now in their nineties , two were just teens when they helped liberate france .     medal was in recognition of their ` heroic accomplishments ' and ` bravery '
tottenham hotspur manager expects a good reception for tim sherwood .     spurs host aston villa in the premier league on saturday .     ex-spurs boss sherwood returns just 11 months after he was axed .     hugo lloris and kyle walker are out , while jan vertonghen is a doubt .     click here for all the tottenham hotspur vs aston villa team news .
natasha willard appeared to be suffering from flu just before christmas .     but four months later the teenager can barely move her limbs or talk .     she has been diagnosed with encephalitis , or swelling , of the brain .     doctors are unsure whether miss willard , 17 , will be able to fully recover .
officials at horace mitchell primary school in kittery point , maine , have come under fire for teaching students about transgender issues .     i am jazz is about a child ` with a boy 's body and a girl 's brain ' who eventually finds a doctor that tells the family the boy is a transgender .     officials at the school have since apologized to parents .     allyn hutton , the superintendent of the local district , admitted that parents should have been first notified .
manchester city lost 2-1 against crystal palace on monday night .     gary neville : ` they 've got a mentality problem . there 's no doubt '     former manchester united and england defender neville on what is wrong with reigning champions city : ` this team can not sustain success '     jamie carragher : yaya toure ducked out of his duties in the wall .     click here for all the latest man city news .
baby seng , from laos , is the little boy who touched turia pitt 's heart .     the inspirational burns survivor witnessed his sight-saving surgery .     he reached up and poured a rice-cooker filled with boiling water on his head .     turia tells daily mail australia he is ` for sure ' one of her inspirations .     she has experienced more than 200 operations since she was burned .     she was caught in a bushfire in the kimberley in september 2011 .     turia also revealed she is fitter and stronger than she has ever been .     she ran a half-marathon with a faster time this year than before the burns .     she is hosting a gala night for interplast , the charity who saved seng .     the event will be held on thursday evening .
leo bernal , 8 , suffered gunshot wound to the head as he lay in bed in culver city , california .     doctors had to open his skull to save his life , leaving him with 23 staples .     bernal 's mother say her son is not afraid to return home .
block in bay ridge , brooklyn , got most complaints about noisy sex in the city with six in a year .     building maintenance worker , 25 , admitted to daily mail online he was man at center of complaints when he went to see his older girlfriend .     one complaint said woman was screaming ` oh yeah , oh , do it to me ' and frustrated neighbor said today : ' i can hear them all over the apartment '     he says : ' i do n't understand why - other people make louder noises ' and she says : ` i 'm not hurting anyone ' - and she 's four months pregnant .
jessica hardy , 23 , has tattoo with ex-boyfriend 's name on her forearm .     did n't read kit instructions and applied chemical to skin without diluting .     caused her skin to blister and burn but still left her with unsightly tattoo .     mother-of-one 's story featured on tattoo disasters on channel 5 .     tattoo disasters is on channel 5 's spike tuesdays at 9pm .     extreme beauty disasters is on tlc thursdays at 8pm .     tattoo nightmares is on trutv on mondays at 9pm .
justine miliband reveals how she met future labour leader at dinner party .     but she was ` furious ' when she discovered he was dating the party hostess .     mr miliband was at the time seeing newsnight editor stephanie flanders .     she was just a number of women he dated from the same privileged clique .
little foot was unearthed in the 1990s in south africa .     new dating of fossil shows it is is roughly 3.7 million years old .     lived at roughly the same time as australopithecus afarensis , the species whose most famous fossil , known as lucy , comes from ethiopia .     raises the question of how many other species there may have been .
increased demand for coloured stones has seen their prices soar .     value of diamonds has been vastly overtaken by sapphires and rubies .     auctioneers are now branding them a better investment than diamonds .     celebrities such as kate middleton have driven the craze .
appeared on russian television today looking tanned and wrinkle-free .     russian president disappeared for 10 days last month with no explanation .     rumours for years that president has undergone facial cosmetic surgery .
gwyneth paltrow filed for divorce from chris martin a year after splitting .     our sexpert says there 's much to applaud in their civilised separation .     but says aspects of their ` conscious uncoupling ' should be avoided .
photographer james oatway captured a violent attack that resulted in death of a mozambican in south africa .     seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants , many from south africa 's neighbors .
poppy smart , 23 , accused builders of sexual harassment for wolf-whistling .     compared it to racial discrimination and asked other women to speak out .     building firm claims cctv footage proves it was not one of their workers .     police investigated ms smart 's complaint but took no further action .
celtic beat dundee 2-1 away at den 's park on wednesday night .     the win sees them extend their lead at the top of the scottish premiership .     gary mackay-steven set the bhoys on their way with a cool first-half finish .     virgil van dijk scored a stunning free-kick in the second-half .     jim mcalister grabbed a late consolation for the home side on 87 minutes .
a powerful storm capsized several sailboats participating in a regatta , and crews searched for at least four people missing in the waters .     dauphin island mayor jeff collier said that at least one person was confirmed dead , but he did not know the cause .     ` it 's been a very tragic day , ' michael smith , with the buccaneer yacht club .     the identities of those who are dead and missing have not yet been revealed .
photographer andres figueroa spent a week in one of the driest places on earth .     he took portraits of chileans who dress up in costume for popular religious festivals .
bbc commentator peter alliss hits out at new equality rules .     alliss claims ladies golf union has lost 150,000 members from changes .     veteran broadcaster also hits out at bbc for failing to keep the open .
mother-in-law is often jokingly portrayed as least favourite family member .     poll on modern families reveals this is a reality for almost a quarter of brits .     they said their pet dog was more important to them than their in-laws .     research found households where children had multi-parental figures was also on the rise .
two out of three versions of the apple watch have sapphire glass screens .     test showed how durable the material made from synthetic crystals is .     endured being sanded , keyed , rubbed , struck by a hammer and drilled .
graeme dott had to play three best-of-19-frame matches to qualify .     he overcame ricky walden 10-8 in first-round crucible clash .     but former world champion fears exhaustion will ruin his bid for 2015 title .     meanwhile , john higgins impressed with a 10-5 victory over robert milkins .
the everglades were drained a century ago and are now being restored .     `` the wonder list '' season finale takes places in the everglades .
police say victor white iii and jesus huerta shot themselves while handcuffed in cars .     report : police ignored jorge azucena 's complaints that he had asthma and could n't breathe .     kelly thomas died five days after he was beaten by police in fullerton , california .
daniel pena set up an elaborate proposal to ask his girlfriend to prom .     teen erected signs : ` alex will you marry lol jk go to prom with me '     but not realizing they were for her alex blasted the proposal as 's **** y '     when the penny finally dropped she was so mortified she burst into tears .
former staff sgt. charlie linville , 29 , from boise , idaho , was an explosives expert serving in afghanistan in 2011 when he was seriously wounded .     two years later , he had his right leg amputated below the knee .     he retired from service and has been climbing since with the heroes project , a nonprofit organization that helps wounded veterans .     his quest to climb everest last year was thwarted following the deaths of 16 sherpa guides in april when an avalanche swept down .
alaa abdullah esayed posted 45,600 tweets supporting isis to followers .     some posts included pictures of the dead bodies of jihadi fighters .     others quotes a poem advising parents how to raise children to be violent .     esayed , 22 , could face 14 years in prison after she admitted encouraging terrorism and disseminating terrorist publications .
jose mourinho was speaking ahead of chelsea 's visit to arsenal .     he made an effort to play down talk of not respecting arsene wenger .     but mourinho was stunned by a cleverly worded question regarding his clashes with wenger and chelsea 's title bid .     mourinho : cesc fabregas chose chelsea over arsenal to win trophies .     click here for arsenal vs chelsea team news and probable line ups .
150 years ago on april 9 , confederate general robert e. lee surrendered at appomattox court house .     douglas brinkley : the spirit of that event is something to keep in mind for today 's divided america .
april 25 , 2015 marks the centenary of the start of the gallipoli campaign in turkey during wwi .     anzac troops stormed the beaches at gallipoli , beginning a bloody eight-month campaign .
massive 7.8 magnitude earthquake has struck nepal near its capital , kathmandu .     as the death toll rises , witnesses describe devastation and panic .
nepal civil war aftermath inspired maggie doyne to help children .     doyne 's blinknow foundation supports a home for 50 children and a school that educates hundreds more .     do you know a hero ? nominations are open for 2015 cnn heroes .
elected diversity officer bahar mustafa caught in racism and sexism row .     facebook picture shows her faking tears in front of a ` no white men ' sign .     she was criticised after planning diversity meeting that banned white men .     goldsmiths university students arranged meeting to ` diversify curriculum '
indonesia executed eight prisoners including two australians on wednesday .     two of `` bali nine '' were killed despite australia 's pleas for mercy .     all around the world , innocent people being killed by the state in our name , writes mark beeson .
family of american medic killed posts message on facebook says she died while at base camp .     at least 13 die after avalanches at mount everest base camp , authorities say ; climber says 17 dead .     dining tent at one base camp has been transformed into a hospital , another hiker says .
bird watchers photographed the rare bird near british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast .     the last recorded sighting of a black flamingo was in israel in 2014 .     dark colouring thought to be caused by genetic irregularity where it can generate more melanin than usual .
paul mccartney honors ringo starr at rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony .     green day , lou reed , joan jett & the blackhearts also honored .
madonna 's new handbag is emblazoned with the slogan ` dealer '     rihanna has been seen with purses covered in guns and cannabis leaves .     other offensive designs include male genitalia , knives and knuckledusters .
visitor numbers to the spanish port are soaring and they are set to rise .     pop-up gallery , centre pompidou malaga , opened this week , in a giant cube .     a museum of fine arts and archaeology will open to the public in 2016 .
johan bavman photographed fathers in sweden , which has generous parental leave .     sweden 's policies encourage fathers to take just as much leave as mothers .
steven finn was left out of the england squad for the west indies tour .     the middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months .     finn said he 's back to bowling like he was as ' a carefree 21-year-old '     his last of 23 test caps came for england back in 2013 .
lady sasima srivikorn and sir john madejski are co-owners of reading .     they are preparing to take the club to wembley on saturday night ; reading 's first fa cup semi-final since 1927 .     lady sasima is something of an eccentric - she is a singer and composer who , in september , had ' 100 bullets from an m16 ' shot at her house .     the pair have a long-term ambition to take reading to the premier league .
ellie , ten , and taylor , five , advertised about collecting eggs on facebook .     wanted treats to give to hospital in sheffield in memory of their brother .
pit crew member todd phillips was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana .     he was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel .     phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .     dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
a series of pictures show body-painted models camouflaged in woodland .     the pieces of art are by jörg düsterwald , 49 , from hameln , germany .     he takes hours to paint the models into every nature scene .
a new reddit thread asked users to submit their experiences .     many men were disappointed with their mail-order brides .     meeting a woman this way can cost up to $ 50,000 -lrb- # 32,700 -rrb- or more .
journalists are known for being a fund of good stories .     robin esser has worked in newspapers for 60 years and is no exception .     in his new book he reveals the inner workings of fleet street as it was .
a sting set up by the nypd shows weinstein did n't deny touching italian model ambra battilana , it has been claimed .     she alleges he asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his manhattan office on friday night .     a source claimed during the recorded conversation set up under the watch of the nypd , he did not deny touching her .     the hollywood producer has denied the allegations and has spoken to police , who have not filed charges .
ambra battilana , 22 , did not ` co-operate ' with authorities for four days .     has been claimed delay was because she wanted to try and land a film role .     but once that came to nothing , she decided to pursue the criminal case .     sting by nypd shows weinstein did not deny touching her , it is claimed .     he denies allegations and has spoken to police , who have not filed charges .
as william and kate await the arrival of their second child , speculation is rife as to what he or she will be named .     royal expert victoria arbiter argues that naming a newborn princess after diana would put too much pressure on her .
iceberg fractured from getz ice shelf and moved into the amundsen sea sometime in mid - to late-february .     region is losing ice faster than anywhere on the continent and is the largest contributor to rise of sea levels .     scientists are combining images such as this with noises from icebergs to detect how glaciers are melting .
rob kardashian , 28 , has taken disappeared from the media spotlight .     his sister khloe says he has ` social anxiety '     family discuss him in new episode of keeping up with the kardashians .
seven years ago , insurance saleswoman katia apalategui lost her father .     her grieving mother coped with loss by sniffing late husband 's pillowcase .     inspired her to come up with permanent way to capture person 's scent .     but bottles of loved ones perfume will set customers back # 400 a bottle .
terry mccarty , 29 , suffered burns to 70 % of his body in childhood accident .     endured 58 operations and taunts from bullies calling him freddy krueger .     for years after accident he lived in ` constant state of fear and uncertainty '     he joined the fire service in 2012 after refusing to let ` fear take over my life '
conor mcgregor believes floyd mayweather lacks skills other than boxing .     ufc star claimed he would ` kill ' the boxer in ` less than 30 seconds '     mcgregor takes on jose aldo for the featherweight title on july 11 .     mayweather is preparing to take on manny pacquiao in two weeks time .
chinese teenager li hao-tong emerged to take the lead on 12 under par .     overnight leader kiradech aphibarnrat two shots behind with two to play .     aphibarnrat forced a play-off to take his second european tout title .
leza davies had a boob job as her chest sagged after breast feeding .     in april 2012 , she knocked her right breast on a door and found a lump .     tests showed it was cancer so she had surgery removing her lymph nodes .     she became pregnant despite being told cancer treatment causes infertility .
peggy drexler : in interview to promote movie , robert downey jr. walked out after being asked personal questions .     she says his behavior was rude , demeaning to the interviewer , who was just doing his job .
exclusive : zinedine zidane has confirmed real madrid are keen on signing liverpool winger raheem sterling .     sterling has rejected the chance of signing a # 100,000 a week deal .     zidane has revealed real have been ` monitoring ' england ace sterling .     real monitored the likes of gareth bale and isco before completing deals .     read : liverpool may struggle to sign big names , says brendan rodgers .
barry bonds has been cleared legally after 11 1/2 years in court .     when he answered a question about steroid injections by saying he was ' a celebrity child , ' he was convicted of obstruction of justice .     a federal court ruled his meandering answer before a grand jury in 2003 was not material to the government 's investigation into illegal steroids .
justin rose bounced back from florida misery by carding 69 in houston .     three-time masters champion phil mickelson enjoyed return to form .     paul casey celebrated last-gasp masters invitation with fine round of 68 .
bon apetit have revealed the best way to revive a stale loaf of bread .     they say the trick is to run the bread under a tap and put it in the oven .     the result is a loaf that is soft on the inside and crusty on the outside .     lifesum nutritionist luvisa nilsson says the trick is safe .     however , you must make sure the loaf is not mouldy before going ahead .
reanne evans is bidding to make snooker history .     she is three matches away from reaching the world championship .     no woman has ever played in the finals at the crucible .     evans 's first qualifier is against 1997 world champion ken doherty .
sania mirza and martina hingis won the family circle cup in charleston .     the doubles pair beat casey dellacqua and darija jurak 6-0 , 6-4 .     mirza is the first indian female to top the doubles world rankings .
altamura man was discovered in a cave in lamalunga near altamura , italy .     researchers say the body has been in the cave for 128,000 to 187,000 years .     scientists have extracted dna that has confirmed bones are neanderthal .     they say dna might reveal new details about the evolution of hominids .
tv chiefs have announced drama poldark will return for second season .     about 8.1 million people on average tuned in to watch each episode .     second series will be based on winston graham 's third and fourth books .
choupette earned # 2million in fees and has over 100,000 twitter followers .     french cats earnings outstripped those of supermodel cara delevingne .     karl lagerfeld compared his pet to hollywood legend ` greta garbo '
kevin spacey among celebrities who 've paid to get the domains removed .     youtube , bing , visa , bank of america and yahoo among others targeted .     us regulator will see if the actions of vox populi registry ltd. were illegal .     owners recommended to resell ' . sucks ' domains for around $ 2,499 a year .
video footage shows blaine taylor from aberdeen , scotland , competing against his older brother cody .     but as he goes to roll his egg down a grassy hill , he accidentally steps on it with shell and yolk mushed into the ground .     to date the toddler 's mishap has been watched more than 90,000 times .     in a bid to cheer the youngster up , a local newspaper headed to his family home armed with dozens of chocolate easter eggs .
easter is a key event in the christian faith , but where did the easter bunny come from ?     why is the date different every year , and what does it have to do with the moon ?
the crashed plane was a cessna 414 , national transportation safety board reports .     coach torrey ward , administrator aaron leetch among the 7 killed in the crash .     the plane crashed while coming back from the ncaa title game in indianapolis .
austria drew 1-1 against bosnia-herzegovina on tuesday night .     david alaba picked up a knee injury during the first half of the game .     alaba was out for three months earlier this season after he suffered a partial ligament tear in his right knee .
fernando alonso , 34 , signed a three-year deal with mclaren this year .     spanish driver says this will be his last venture in formula one .     mclaren have struggled for pace in first two grand prix of the season .     alonso says he expects success will come - it is just a ` matter of time '
eight faculty members at columbia university penned an op-ed accusing dr oz 's on-air tactics of sullying the reputation of the ivy league school .     but they said he should not be forced to stepped down from his ` well-earned position ' at columbia because of these ` foibles '     it comes after 10 doctors called on columbia to fire oz for promoting ` quack treatments ' on his tv show , including weight-loss supplements .     the piece came as dr oz insisted his show would survive the criticism and said the doctors only attacked him for supporting gma labeling .
this page includes the show transcript .     use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .     at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
aaron davis , head chef at the kitchen in florida , was killed while walking on saturday by suspected drunk driver jason lanard mitchell , police said .     mitchell , 25 , sped through several red lights before striking davis and his co-worker brian lafrance , who was treated and released from hospital .     ana granucci davis , 28 , wife of aaron , had second child andrew aaron lawrence on tuesday .     the couple , who married in 2013 , met four years ago and also have a 21-month-old daughter audrey .     mitchell faces several charges including dui manslaughter , vehicular homicide , aggravated fleeing and eluding and leaving scene of crash .
with room for 3600 , britannia is the largest ship built for the uk market .     p&o 's new ship has a gourmet edge , with a host of restaurants on board .     top chefs working with the ship include eric lanlard and mary berry .
cosmetic dermatologist to the stars fredric brandt was found dead at his coconut grove home in miami on sunday , aged 65 .     joy behar tweeted : ` dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with . he will be sorely missed '     kelly ripa , posted : ` my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. fredric brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer '     colleague dr robert anolik , who worked with brandt at his clinic , posted a moving tribute on monday saying he had lost a ` close friend '     the city of miami police department confirmed that dr brandt 's death on sunday was a suicide by hanging .     brandt was said to have been ` devastated ' over rumors comparing him to a character on the show , unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
tyler walker came off the bench to score his first goal against brentford .     the 18-year-old is son of former england international des walker .     manager dougie freedman believes the forward has a bright future .
french league president frederic thiriez did not shake players hands ahead of the league cup final .     bastia lost 4-0 to psg thanks to zlatan ibrahimovic and edinson cavani .     in 2012 , thiriez did not hand bastia their ligue 2 champions ' trophy .     saturday 's win led the parisian club to lift their fifth league cup trophy .
miliband 's approach was as choreographed as a torville and dean routine .     cameron kept firm hand on the leadership rudder and made no mistakes .     clegg 's smooth performance was a complete re-run of his 2010 routine .     farage was diminished during debate , perhaps the night 's only casualty .     sturgeon , wood and bennett took him down with series of small swats .     sturgeon 's speech about ` breaking up old boys network ' finished off coup .
thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and the plains .     tornadoes could strike thursday night and friday .
man impregnated female friend using his sperm and a turkey baster .     robert preston boardwine had envisioned an active role in child 's life .     mother , joyce rosemary bruce , only wanted him to be ' a friend '     she believed that if she used turkey baster and avoided intercourse boardwine would have no parental rights .     but virginia court rules boardwine has the right to be involved as a parent .
joel burger and ashley king have been engaged since october .     their engagement photo with a burger king sign attracted , and the company offered to pay for their wedding .
aaron ramsey starred when arsenal won the fa cup against hull in 2014 .     his extra-time goal helped arsene wenger 's side claim the silverware .     this time he is hoping to win it for his gran eileen who passed away .     welshman has dedicated his last couple of goals to her in memory .
adam lyth has enjoyed a meteoric rise from his early days with yorkshire .     he will now battle jonathan trott to be alastair cook 's opening partner at the first test in antigua on april 13 .     lyth has revealed how practising golf has helped to improve his concentration .     a young lyth also spent time trialing as a midfielder with manchester city .
durst , a convicted felon , charged with unlawful possession of a firearm .     he is accused of having a .38 caliber revolver and faces up to 10 years in prison .
season 's first major , the masters , tees off thursday april 9 at augusta .     ian poulter forgot to bring his clubs ahead of his practice round .     tiger woods ' children will carry his bag during par three tournament .     henrik stenson played down his chances after coming down with flu .
around 30 people live a floating life in seattle 's sodo -lrb- south of downtown -rrb- area in their rvs .     there is one parking lot in particular where the owner lets them act as watchmen in exchange for a spot to live .     visual journalist anna erickson , who photographed the community , said they are just grateful to have a home .
two parrots were home alone when a fire erupted in boise , idaho .     started calling ` help ! ' and ` fire ! ' , crew thought they were human voices .     both were pulled from the wreckage and treated with oxygen masks .
two french tourists who tried to set a quokka alight on rottnest island .     the men allegedly ignited aerosol spray with lighter and singed the animal .     aged 18 and 24 , they were evicted from the island in western australia .     both have been charged for animal cruelty and appear in court on april 17 .
gary fell from 147th most popular british name in 1996 to 1,001 st in 2013 .     reached height of its popularity in 1964 , when it was ranked 16th .     meanwhile , names including dexter and jenson are now in the top 100 .
kevin perz , 56 , owns a construction equipment business in kansas city .     he has spent time over the years tracking down high school teachers and sending them checks to thank them for making an impression on him .     marilyn mecham taught perz home economics in 1977 at parkway central high school in chesterfield , missouri .     he sent her $ 10,000 and told her to spent it all on herself .     ` gratitude is something in this society today that we just do n't do enough of , ' mecham said of the gesture .
researchers examined 4,200 studies and selected 11 weight loss plans .     included atkins , jenny craig , meal replacements and online support sites .     wanted to see how successful they were at first and in the long term .     very few plans had evidence they worked better than getting information elsewhere for free - or that they helped weight stay off permanently .
shares made popular in 1980s ` tell sid ' ads rise following sale of bg group .     value rose 30 % to 1,153 p after royal dutch shell indicated intention to buy .     # 47billion deal , one of the biggest takeovers , creates # 200billion company .
leonie granger , 25 , convinced mehmet hassan she was interested in him .     she went to his flat with him and let in her boyfriend kyrron jackson and his accomplice nicholas chandler .     they kicked hassan to death and stole some of his gambling winnings .     granger has been convicted of manslaughter as the two men were found guilty of murder .
historians are hoping the wanquan castle can be restored to its former glory , particularly its imposing outer wall .     fortress was built in 1393 and successfully repelled every attack that invading mongolian armies threw at it .     castle has huge historical , cultural and military significance and has key cultural relic status for chinese people .
mr scott , 50 , was gunned down by officer michael slager on saturday morning in charleston , south carolina .     singer janelle monáe said : ` this brought tears to my eyes . #walterscott reminds me of my uncle , family . can only imagine the pain his fam feels .     rapper big boi simply tweeted an image of a black square with the words : ' #walterscott '     slager has been charged with murder and could face the death penalty .
agnese klavina , 30 , vanished after being driven away from a spanish club .     older sister gunta made a video appeal for information on her whereabouts .     brits westley capper and craig porter were summoned to court on monday .
rbs has racked up # 50billion in losses since it was bailed out by taxpayers .     state-back giant warned that it faces ` another tough year ' to come .     lurched to a # 446million loss for the first three months of the year .
filip djuricic out with an ankle injury for southampton .     but steven davis and florin gardos back in contention for saints .     hull boss steve bruce could drop keeper allan mcgregor for steve harper .     david meyler suspended for tigers but tom huddlestone returns .
researchers ran a 10-hertz current through brains of 20 volunteers .     they wanted to stimulate alpha wave oscillations linked to creativity .     these oscillations are thought to be impaired in people with depression .     team are now hoping to use the technique to treat depressed people .
former everton and manchester city midfielder adrian heath is now manager of the newest mls team orlando city .     the 53-year-old has been has been in the united states for eight years and witnessed the boom of ` soccer '     heath says steven gerrard and frank lampard are in for a few culture shocks when they join the mls revolution .
chris rowe had been plagued by an irritating cough for six months .     31-year-old visited doctors five times in two months but was sent home .     despite the fact he was coughing blood , doctors diagnosed a simple virus .     an x-ray revealed an aggressive , inoperable lung cancer that has spread .
no official way out for americans stranded amid fighting in yemen .     u.s. deputy chief of mission says situation is very dangerous so no mass evacuation is planned .
india predicted to outpace china as as world 's fastest-growing economy in next year .     china 's economy is slowing after over 25 years of breakneck growth .     but experts say india simply ca n't size up against china 's raw economic might .
` mama ' june shannon and mike ` sugar bear ' thompson have filed a missing persons report after his older brother disappeared three days ago .     billy thompson was last seen on saturday at sugar bear 's home in mcintyre , georgia .     the family are especially worried because billy has been struggling to find work and recently suffered a difficult split from the mother of his children .     since april 11 he has n't been seen and he is n't returning phone calls or texts .
paula dunican paid # 25 for the baby blue coat at her local branch of asda .     when she took it home she noticed a ` seeping ' stain on the back of coat .     she then discovered the reptile 's crushed body on the garment 's lining .     the supermarket has apologised and offered her a # 40 voucher and refund .
peter moore received the letter from hm revenue and customs last week .     wife debbie opened it while he was out and was left ` gobsmacked '     mr moore yesterday demanded an apology from the government .
irobot is creating wireless lawnmowers guided by radio waves .     gadget and observatories will both use the 6240-6740 mhz band .     astronomers say it could prevent them from detecting methanol .     irobot says chances of interference occurring are ` infinitesimal '
` right now , i 've had 11 hours of surgery . they 've tried . i ca n't see out of my right eye . and that 's okay , i can live with that , ' he said .     the 75-year-old former boxer says he was exercising in his new home in nevada when his exercise band ` slipped ' and spun him around .     ' i smashed my face into a cabinet so hard ... ' reid said .     the longtime lawmaker , upon announcing his retirement last month , insisted his departure from the senate was not related to the accident .     reflecting on his career , reid said he has ` no repentance ' for claiming mitt romney did n't pay his taxes because ` it is an issue that was important '
paul downton became the latest casualty of england 's poor performances .     his exit came a day ahead of an ecb board meeting into his future .     he endured a traumatic time after replacing hugh morris after the ashes .     downton 's exit is not expected to be the last following poor world cup .
ines dumig 's photo series `` apart together '' follows a somali refugee living in germany .     the underlying themes include isolation and `` otherness '' and the search for human dignity .
mohammad javad zarif has spent more time with john kerry than any other foreign minister .     he once participated in a takeover of the iranian consulate in san francisco .     the iranian foreign minister tweets in english .
the tiny garden gnome is signed by all four members of the iconic band .     it appeared with celebrities and world figures on 1967 sgt peppers artwork .     it was given to an assistant photographer following the shoot for the cover .     the cardboard garden ornament has been valued at # 17,000 by us experts .
a woman was allegedly kidnapped thursday in a loveland parking lot .     police said the woman told them she was forced into her car by a man .     in a 911 call , the woman claimed to have been kidnapped at gunpoint .     after driving him to estes park , the woman said she 'd been locked into her trunk by the man , police said .     she was able to use her cell phone and contact authorities .     officers got the woman out after finding her car keys .     a suspect has n't been found , authorities said .
kyle walker joins hugo lloris on tottenham hotspur sidelines .     jan vertonghen a major doubt following illness .     alan hutton , ashley westwood and scott sinclair likely to be absent .     carles gil also set to miss out for aston villa but aly cissokho could return .
dylan miller is a senior at juniata college in huntingdon , pennsylvania .     he 's been living in a hut deep in the woods a half-hour walk from campus since september .     he has no plumbing or electricity in the hut and studies by lantern .     he hopes living in the hut will help him better understand henry david thoreau and ralph waldo emerson .
attorney : robert bates assumed the gun was a taser because he saw a laser sight on it .     harris family lawyers say there are stark differences between the gun and taser used .     in 2009 , an officer in california also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a taser .
idyllic two-bed log cabin nestled down private country lane in new forest .     the 76sq ft hideaway is made entirely from timber imported from norway .     cabin encircled by 141,000 acres of forest and can be lived in all-year round .     its location near godshill , hants , means the cabin is worth more than twice what it would be worth elsewhere .
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground on friday .     there has been an unconfirmed sighting of luke with police acting quickly .     the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking 4 kms from his campsite .     police remain hopeful they will find luke , who has ` high pain tolerance '     luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .     a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .     police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight .     they have issued an extensive description of luke and his clothing .
shell has filed a complaint in federal court in alaska seeking an order to remove greenpeace activists who climbed aboard an oil rig in the pacific .     the environmental group said in a statement its team would occupy the underside of the main deck of the polar pioneer .     the six activists are camping on the 38,000-tonne polar pioneer platform , which they boarded using inflatable boats from the greenpeace vessel ` esperanza '     ` we made it ! we 're on shell 's platform . and we 're not alone . everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power ! ' tweeted aliyah field .
beloved children 's performer lois lilienstein has died .     she was a member of cbc and nickelodeon tv stars sharon , lois and bram .     cnn independently confirmed with sharon and bram 's manager that lilienstein passed away at 78 of a a rare cancer .
polish lady goska was volunteering at criadouro onça pintada .     she bottle fed a one-year-old rescued jaguar called perseu .     the big cat sits with her and drinks with great enthusiasm .     volunteer said that ` with time he became my good friend '
footage shot at domodedovo airport in russia .     man curls into foetal positions as he whizzes round on conveyor .     some passengers take photos , but most concentrate on spotting their luggage .
desperate father is begging people to ride him to raise much-needed cash .     family is in thousands of pounds of debt from numerous rounds of chemo .     little minghao , 9 , needs further treatment after leukaemia came back .
chelsea lead manchester city by six points at the premier league summit .     oscar scored in brazil 's recent 3-1 victory against france .     juventus scouts were present in paris to watch oscar in action .
the trussell trust admits that the one million were not all ` unique users '     it had previously claimed that it served a million hungry people in a year .     labour party and trades union congress were quick to seize on the figure .     trust has said the figure was based on the number of parcels handed out .
pietro boselli , 26 , from brescia in italy taught advanced maths at ucl .     admits he was ` ashamed ' of his modelling career and kept it a secret from students and almost did n't mention it on his cv .     instagram following shot up to more than 480,000 after his story came out .     phd student says he 's proud of his body and works out once or twice daily .
british reverend charles martin king parsons was one of a handful of chaplains to enter bergen-belsen camp .     captured these images , but never told family about them until they were discovered by grandson tom marshall .     mr marshall said he is proud of his grandfather for making sure future generation can never forget what happened .     warning : graphic content .
i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here ! uk attraction open to the public .     maze based on tv show has new bush tucker trials to try and stars to win .     thorpe park welcomes creepy crawlies , dark caves and slimey quizzes .
leeds-based direct line is running a competition called #everydayfix .     they asked groups to design products to deal with common problems .     these include forgetting to lock the door and running out of battery .     you can vote for your favourite design and the winner will be crowdfunded .
` we 're here to see the queen , ' one protester told daily mail online outside a rural community college in monticello , iowa .     he shouted ` give the saudi money back ! ' as clinton arrived at kirkwood community college -- referring to millions her family foundation accepted .     hillary clinton will visit the school on tuesday in the first semi-public event of her presidential campaign .     her armored campaign van , nicknamed ` scooby , ' has finally been photographed in the wilds of the american midwest after a 1,000-mile trip .     it arrived at her campaign stop tailed by a black humvee .     reporters snapped pics of the former secretary of state at a coffee shop in le claire , iowa .
revlon 's new lipstick advert resembles a scene from 50 shades of grey .     partially dressed woman undresses man and blindfolds him .     film noir-style ad ` love is on ' was created by agency george patts y&r .
denver teacher kyle schwartz asked students to share what they wish she knew .     their honest answers moved schwartz and sparked a discussion online .
spacex made its third attempt to land a booster on an ocean platform .     but the booster tipped over after hitting its target and was destroyed .     falcon 9 is on its way to the iss with supplies and will arrive friday .     cargo includes first espresso machine designed for use in space .
two famous wrestlers , balla gaye 2 and eumeu sene , competed in ` le choc ' at demba diop stadium in dakar .     after a brutal encounter , roared on by the crowd in the sold-out stadium , the burly sene emerged victorious .     prior to the showdown event , other athletes - dressed in loin cloths - took to the arena for a series of bruising bouts .     wrestling 's popularity in senegal make it a lucrative business in a country where the average annual income is $ 980 .
bring your own large `` cup '' for a $ 1.49 7-eleven slurpee .     any sanitary container less than 10 inches in diameter is fair game .
world war i graffiti is discovered in an underground quarry .     the writings are generally plain , with listings of names and places .     photographer : graffiti a human connection to the past .
in new york and california , there is a tendency for people to use the word ` so ' in sentences to increase drama .     phrases such as ` here 's you a water bottle ' are common in the south , but people in the north find it strange .     to find more examples of unusual grammar use , zoom in on the map below and click on a red location marker .
christopher flowers , 84 , was driving on rochester , ny , street on march 9 .     dropped lit cigarette , causing several layers of clothes to burst into flames .     three drivers stopped to help as fire engulfed pensioner 's torso and head .     one tried to put out flames with hands ; another threw him into snow bank .     flowers , from chili , rushed to strong memorial hospital with severe burns .     on sunday , hospitals officials announced retired marine has passed away .
maxwell morton , 16 , from pennsylvania , will be tried as an adult for shooting ryan mangan .     mother of morton 's friend told police her son received snapchat image of him with victim - message had maxwell written across it .     he admitted to shooting mangan after police found 9mm handgun hidden in his house .     both teens were juniors at jeannette high school .     morton was also charged with first-degree murder and one count of possession of a firearm by a minor .     morton 's lawyer and family said the two boys were friends and there was no bad blood between them .
some observers applaud abbott 's beer swilling in a pub full of sportsmen .     the prime minister last year criticized binge drinking culture in australia .
chad pregracke was the 2013 cnn hero of the year .     mike rowe visited pregracke for an episode of `` somebody 's got ta do it ''
defeat by everton showed that manchester united have a long way to go .     daley blind is a poverty-stricken pauper 's version of michael carrick .     united should bring in sven bender and ilkay gundogan in midfield .     playmaker henrikh mkhitaryan would also improve louis van gaal 's side .     read more : brendan rodgers is ruining rickie lambert 's career .     read more : mesut ozil is in danger of becoming an arsenal flop .
tv presenter lisa oldfield had 5.5 litres of fat removed by liposuction .     oldfield got surgery after her son drew an unflattering picture of her .     ` it was a giant tummy and stick arms and legs ' she said of the drawing .     ` now i have a waist ! ' oldfield said after $ 10,000 procedure .     oldfield is married to radio host and former one nation politician david .
the actress and granddaughter of ernest hemingway describes what it was like for her growing up .     she has written two distinct books , one for adults and one teenagers .     around 10 per cent of americans suffer from depression .     the books speak about about mental illness and what it is like living in a troubled family .     hemingway tells about her own experiences with depression , eating disorders , ocd , and how she learned to overcome the issues .
she is expected to take over as head of the u.s. justice department on monday , replacing eric holder .     ` loretta 's confirmation ensures that we are better positioned to keep our communities safe , keep our nation secure , and ensure that every american experiences justice under the law , ' said the president .     lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote ; ten republicans voted for lynch , including senate majority leader mitch mcconnell .     gop presidential candidate marco rubio did not ; ted cruz tried to stop her nomination from moving forward and was missing during the final vote .     an invitation flying around twitter shows cruz has a fundraiser tonight at former texas rangers ' owner and billionaire tom hicks ' dallas home .
bruce davis , 72 , was convicted in 1969 slayings of musician gary hinman and stuntman donald ` shorty ' shea .     california gov. jerry brown rejected parole board 's decision to release davis citing brutality of the killings .     davis claimed he 's changed in prison , earning a phd and becoming a minister .
italy boasts the highest number of unesco world heritage sites in the world .     italy does n't know how to exploit treasures , and appears not to care about them , writes silvia marchetti .
david chase walks through the ending of `` the sopranos ''     the use of particular shots and `` do n't stop believin ' '' build tension .     chase still does n't reveal tony soprano 's fate .
jaclyn methuen nearly left her husband ryan ranellone at the altar because she was n't physically attracted to him .
louis van gaal cranked up the pressure on man city after aston villa win .     manchester united defeated aston villa 3-1 at old trafford on saturday .     the red devils leapfrogged manchester city to move up to third spot .     united have not recorded a home win against city since february 2011 .
sky sports will be paying # 11millon a game to broadcast games in 2016 .     three-year deal means sky are re-addressing their entire sports strategy .     ` fit for the future ' plan will see reduced programming support .
german primary school teacher is in 21st week of pregnancy and ` feels fit '     she became pregnant through artificial insemination using eggs and sperm .     in 2005 , she gave birth to her youngest daughter leila , at the age of 55 .     children - eldest of whom is daughter antje , 44 - are by five different fathers .
sequel to popular `` bible '' miniseries debuting on nbc .     `` mad men '' premieres the first of its final episodes .     netflix premieres its first marvel series , `` daredevil ''
luis suarez was liverpool 's player of last season .     but who would earn that accolade this year ? jordan henderson has many backers , as does coutinho .     several , among them emre can and raheem sterling , have shone in parts .     there have been lots of adequate contributions but there has n't been anywhere near enough consistency .     if liverpool are going to clamber into the top four and win the fa cup , much will depend on the little brazilian .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 charges he faced .     seventeen counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty .
ohio gov. john kasich : washington is gridlocked , but states can make a difference .     he says ohio has gone from a budget deficit to surplus , from losing jobs to creating them .
richard dysart best known for leland mckenzie in `` l.a. law ''     dysart had many tv and film roles , including spots in `` being there '' and `` the thing ''     actor won drama desk award for performance in theatrical `` that championship season ''
elderly couple accused graeme finlay of knocking them unconscious on boat .     they claimed the attack on thomson celebration cruise ship was unprovoked .     finlay , 36 , claimed he was the one being assaulted and was defended himself .     teesside crown court jury took less than an hour to give not-guilty verdicts .
a sydney woman has put up posters to find the man who lent his umbrella .     missiesmile21 is ` actively looking ' for the man with ` most beautiful smile '     the gentleman helped her cross a road during tuesday nights ' downpour .
haris vuckic has spent second half of season on loan at rangers .     slovenia star has been a success at ibrox with six goals in 10 games .     newcastle may decide to sell him with one year left on his contract .
the key for easter indulgence is noting our ` energy in ' and ` energy out '     for four mini easter eggs it would take 30-40 minutes of walking to work off .     two hot cross buns without butter take up to 50 minutes of running .     it is advised that we manage our energy consumption instead of working it off after it has been taken in .
the labour leader 's looks proved an unlikely hit with twitter users .     one described him as a ` sexy beast ' while another liked his ` sexy grey tie '     mr miliband 's smoulder and the silver streak in his hair proved popular .     a vine showing mr miliband smouldering quickly went viral .
liana barrientos , 39 , re-arrested after court appearance for alleged fare beating .     she has married 10 times as part of an immigration scam , prosecutors say .     barrientos pleaded not guilty friday to misdemeanor charges .
detroit red wings ' drew miller was caught by a skate in the first period against the ottawa senators .     the massive cut required 50 to 60 stitches to close , but did not damage miller 's eye .     the red wings lost 2-1 but remained in third place in the atlantic division .
chris ramsey , the only black manager in the premier league , is a classic example .     ramsey is a fine coach who has been overlooked for countless jobs .     he took the qpr position after harry redknapp saw the writing on the wall and got out .     ramsey was asked to board the sinking ship and , guess what , it has not been an easy job to refloat it .
tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy has told supporters that future transfer policy will include developing young players with resale value .     having failed to successfully reinvest the money received for gareth bale , levy will now turn to more modestly priced players .     although financially sensible , levy 's new plans could risk spurs falling behind the other top clubs in pursuit of the champions league .     click here for all the latest tottenham hotspur news .
serena williams defeated sara errani for the united states in the fed cup .     world no 1 was a set down before fighting back and winning the tie .     heavy wind made it difficult for the players throughout the game .
ronnie o'sullivan , a five-time champion , draws craig steadman .     the 32-year-old steadman is playing in world championship for first time .     defending champions mark selby will face norway 's kurt maflin .
choosing the right punishment for a naughty child is a difficult business .     some parents now resort to embarrassing their offspring to punish them .     tactics include diy chores , embarrassing costumes and essay-writing .
stacey eden , 23 , stands up for muslim woman being bullied on the train .     video shows a middle-aged woman ranting about islam to quiet passenger .     ms eden said the ranter labelled the muslim commuters isis terrorists .     she also brought up beheadings , a massacre and the martin place siege .     ` what 's that got to do with this poor woman ? ' ms eden fumed .     ` shut your mouth if you 've got nothing to say '     ms eden said she stayed on the train to make sure they were ok .     both parties alighted the train at the airport shortly before 2pm wednesday .     police contacted daily mail australia encouraging witnesses to come forward .     islamic community leader says incidents are becoming increasingly common .     ' i always make sure i have sufficient storage space on my phone to record '
oscar-winning cinematographer andrew lesnie has died .     he is best known for `` lord of the rings , '' `` the hobbit '' and `` babe ''
anand iyer , 36 , was earning six figures at threadflip in san francisco .     he realized he did n't get much time to see his daughter , 2 , ava .     he felt awkward at the playground and ava was asleep when he got home .     quit his job to be house-husband , says it 's ` the best investment '     his wife shreya , 34 , now supports the family as a recruitment manager .
lucy garrod woke up and felt her eye was very sore and swollen .     the had a corneal abrasion - an ulcer on the eye - caused by bacteria .     ulcer was millimeters away from blinding her and left her partially blind .     feared she would n't be able to take photos , but learned to use her left eye .
the rev. robert schuller , 88 , had been diagnosed with esophageal cancer in 2013 .     his tv show , `` hour of power , '' was enormously popular in the 1970s and 1980s .
alastair cook completed his century on the second morning of action .     england captain resumed on 95 and reached three figures before retiring .     that allowed ian bell to arrive at the crease as tourists continued to bat .
the virtual reality headset is available to buy from firebox for # 29.95 .     it works with android and ios phones via virtual reality apps and 3d films .     the maximum size of the device must be 3.5 x 5.7-inches -lrb- 8.2 x 15.4 cm -rrb- .     it calls itself an affordable alternative to rivals such as oculus rift .
carter and jack hanson , who live in raleigh , north carolina , met their hero on the yorktown - a retired carrier in charleston , south carolina .     robert harding traveled to meet the boys from his home in oklahoma after spending months exchanging daily emails .     mr harding served as an aircraft handler on the yorktown during the second world war .
emilo izaguirre has rallied his team-mates ahead of final six league games .     celtic 's hopes of winning domestic treble came to an end on sunday .     ronny deila 's side were knocked out of the scottish cup semi-final .     read : celtic write to sfa over josh meekings handball controversy .
nepali pranksters make hidden camera videos of awkward social situations .     the three-person team was filming as the nepal earthquake began .
premier league fans saw a number of brilliant goals scored this weekend .     jermain defoe finished things off with a fantastic volley on sunday .     alexis sanchez and bobby zamora also netted memorable goals .     sportsmail 's jamie redknapp picks his top five strikes from the weekend .
brawl at spring gardens station in philadelphia was captured on cctv .     fight involved students from nearby benjamin franklin high school .     at one point an attacker falls onto the tracks , but manages to get back up .     after the confrontation , the victims and attackers walk onto the same train .
stephan lichtsteiner played alongside eden hazard at lille in france .     paul pogba is another who stars alongside lichtsteiner at juventus in italy .     he has tipped 18-year-old juve forward kingsley coman to be the next star .
christian eriksen was spotted with girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen .     the pair were pictured enjoying a kiss in outside in soho , london .     the tottenham midfielder has been dating kvist for almost three years .     eriksen played the full game as spurs lost to aston villa on saturday .
members of 30 rock band members merged into one face each .     beatles look like paul mccartney , nirvana look like kurt cobain .     u2 , rolling stones and green day are a bizarre blend .
anthony trollope introduced post boxes to the uk in the 1850s .     the victorian novelist saw them in france while working for the post office .     initially the post boxes were painted green to blend in with the landscape .     the limited edition sheet of stamps feature images of trollope and his life .
sian lloyd visited adelaide , hahndorf and clare valley in south australia .     former itv weather forecaster caught the famous indian pacific to perth .     she ticked off a bucket list item by cycling the clare valley riesling trail .     kalgoorlie gold mine and margaret river impressed in the country 's west .
12 months ago , it was man city who reeled in liverpool to win the league .     now , the boot is on the other foot as reds hunt fourth place .     the gap currently stands at four points but city are in freefall .     derby loss to man united has increased the pressure on manuel pellegrini .     liverpool , by contrast , may have come good at the perfect moment .     missing out on champions league is unthinkable for both clubs .
mathew sitko , 23 , crashed his car and ended up hanging over a cliff edge in lewiston , idaho in an 'em otional episode ' wednesday morning .     jason warnock , 29 , was nearby when he saw the car above so he climbed up a footbridge and ran to the edge of the cliff and pulled the man out .     he needed to leave to go to work but was tracked down after the picture quickly spread online .
a tweet was sent from an account claiming to be linked to 2ue news .     the sydney fairfax media station recently merged with rival station 2gb .     read ` we hope you like the sound of whinging hyenas reading the news '     jobs were lost at 2ue , and 4bc and magic 1278 in brisbane after merger .
terri hernandez is opening up about the bond she shared with ursula lloyd during her son 's murder trial .     aaron hernandez was convicted of killing odin lloyd on tuesday and sentenced to life in prison without parole .     ' i smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head , ' said hernendez of her interaction with lloyd at the trial .     lloyd refused to comment on the story , saying she no longer wished to speak about her son 's murder .
beginning friday , some ranks of the indianapolis police department will wear white shirts .     police say the change in attire is not related to any specific incident .     the new uniform shirt color is aimed at ensuring accountability .
ronald pearson and his wife miriam met and were married during wwii .     he was a sergeant in the raf police while she worked as a driver for ats .     the ` inseparable ' couple settled in broughton near chester to raise family .     they died last month within two days of each other at the ages of 94 and 95 .     their marriage was described as ` greatest true love story ' at joint funeral .
incoming ecb chairman colin graves has handled the potential return of kevin pietersen very poorly .     graves has pitched several outlandish ideas about reducing test matches to four days .     he should focus his attention on addressing the england fixture congestion .
in baltimore , after the death of freddie gray , riots erupted , cars were set on fire and 200 arrests were made .     eric liu : liberals and conservatives react predictably , see the riots as confirmation of their views .     it 's time to push each other out of our ideological and identity comfort zones and change the status quo , he says .
miami police say brandt hanged himself at his home last weekend . the doctor 's publicist said brandt suffered from depression .     brandt appeared recently to have been the butt of a joke on tina fey 's netflix show the unbreakable kimmy schmitt .     in the series martin short plays a dermatologist called dr grant who has a shock of white hair and flawless skin -- almost a mirror image of dr brandt .     brandt was friends with madonna and other celebs such as stephanie seymour , kelly ripa and joy behar .
nine in 10 times , the first contact a patient has with the nhs is via a gp .     crisis in a&e has led some to blame lack of gp appointments .     weekend opening hours have been suggested as one solution .     vikram pathania is a lecturer in economics at the university of sussex .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser against italy on tuesday .     goal was the tottenham winger 's third in seven games for england .     but townsend 's club form has been patchy in last two seasons .     challenge now is for townsend to replicate international form for spurs .     click here for the latest tottenham news .
dr adrian quarterman has suggested mirrored satellites to collect sunlight .     the beams can then be converted into laser light and sent down to earth .     the physicist believes it could even make solar power feasible in scotland .     but he admits you might need to worry about who is in control of them .
video of little girl firing several rounds ` towards isis ' has gone viral .     the girl , dressed in pink , tells man off camera she has killed 400 fighters .     the man encourages her by saying ` kill , kill ' as she shoots machine gun .     kurdish known for their female fighters - but isis known for using children .
england beat south africa 21-14 in the final at the prince chichibu ground .     england had n't won a tournament since wellington in february 2013 .     phil burgess , charlie hayter and tom mitchell scored england 's tries .     win puts england fourth in series into the final olympic qualifying spot .
photographers in the uk captured the lyrid meteor shower in the sky last night .     it occurs every year around 16 to 25 april , so you can still catch some meteors tonight and tomorrow .     the strength of the showers vary from year to year and most years there are no more than 20 meteors an hour .     but in 1982 americans counted nearly 100 an hour and in 1803 it was as high as 700 an hour .
florida mailman doug hughes landed gyro-copter on wednesday .     flew 80-miles from gettysburg to washington d.c. and was not detected .     norad failed to identify the single-seat craft as it flew under the radar .     homeland security chief called for calm and no over-reaction to security breach .
clocks go back an hour at 3am on sunday , april 5 in all states except queensland , the northern territory and western australia .     daylight savings will begin again on october 4 this year .     changing the clock is also a reminder for people to change their smoke alarm batteries , australian fire services say .
luke skywalker actor spoke to fan conference in california .     joked that abrams , who directed trek reboot , made him suspicious .     said he knew he had no choice about joining new films : ' i was drafted '
poland 's cities are tourism favourites - but its lake district is less known .     wigry national park , in the north-east , is one of poland 's prettiest areas .     encompassing part of the masurian lakes , it is great for family breaks .
david worrall scored a 74th-minute free-kick after a foul by adam el-abd .     southend united leapfrog bury to fourth place in league two .     the initial fixture was postponed because of heavy rain .     the shrimpers are behind third-placed wycombe only on goal difference .
tony mccoy has said he will immediately retire with grand national win .     the 40-year-old will ride shutthefrontdoor at aintree racecourse .     mccoy will be riding his 20th grand national on saturday .     click here for our 2015 grand national sweepstake .
just nine points separates the bottom seven clubs in the premier league .     burnley sit bottom of the table on 26 points after 33 games in the league .     newcastle are 14th in the table on 35 points with five games remaining .
neil harris ' side look likely to be relegated from the sky bet championship .     goals from rudy gestede and jordan rhodes sealed the tie .     millwall are now four points from safety with two games to play .     blackburn are currently ninth after a strong finish to the season .
tickets for the fight in las vegas go on sale on thursday night .     around 1000 tickets will be on sale priced between $ 1,500 and 7,500 each .     the mgm grand has a capacity of 16,500 but most of the tickets will be split between mayweather and pacquiao 's camps and the tv broadcasters .     up to 50,000 tickets for closed-circuit viewing will also be on sale .     jeff powell : mayweather 's now the mature man who weighs words carefully .
the actress was woken up the morning of june 8 by a strange sound .     she walked around her home and found a stalker fan had broken in .     bullock then locked herself in her closet , which has a safe door for security , and called police .     on thursday , accused intruder joshua corbett had a hearing in la court .     during the hearing , bullock 's emotional call to police was played .     a judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence to put corbett on trial for stalking and breaking into bullock 's home .
victims of the 2012 colorado movie theater shooting testified in court on wednesday as the trial of suspect james holmes continued .     police officers who responded to the scene also spoke in court about the incident which resulted in the deaths of 12 moviegoers .     if convicted , holmes could face the death penalty .     his defense attorneys argue that he was insane .
eight teams are left to battle for a place in the semi-finals of the european rugby champions cup .     sportsmail takes a look at their strengths , weaknesses , key players and record in the competition up until now .     the quarter-finals will be played over saturday and sunday april 4-5 .
neymar opens the scoring for barcelona after just 18 minutes thanks to an assist from lionel messi .     luis suarez makes it 2-0 after a brilliant individual goal - nutmegging david luiz before beating two more defenders .     suarez scores his second of the night in equally stunning fashion - again nutmegging luiz .     gregory van der wiel 's deflected effort gives psg some hope ahead of the second leg on april 21st .
defender darryl westlake fired kilmarnock ahead in the 50th minute .     midfielder kris commons levelled for the home side eight minutes later .     sub leigh griffiths netted three goals in a remarkable 19-minute spell .     celtic moved eight points clear at the top of the scottish premiership .
former australia captain and commentator benaud passed away aged 84 .     david lloyd had the privilege of commentating alongside benaud .     benaud 's attention to detail was second to none , says lloyd .     he had an incredible relationship with tony greig and bill lawry .     read : benaud 's family offered state funeral by tony abbott .
concerns growing for people trapped higher up the mountain .     helicopters begin airlifting injured people from the base camp in nepal .     climber reports at least 17 dead ; many others injured , missing or stuck .
an estimated 1,000 dance halls that sprung up around texas in the 1800s , knitting together german , czech , polish and other immigrant communities .     from about 1870 into the 1920s , european immigrants in texas built hundreds of these halls .     they largely served as meeting places for agricultural groups , rifle clubs and mutual benefit societies .     about 400 such halls still stand -- many unused and decaying .     only two traditional texas dance halls continue to operate on nearly a daily basis : luckenbach hall and gruene hall .     texas dance hall preservation and other groups are working to preserve the state 's remaining dance halls .     they are creating an inventory so that the most distinctive ones become candidates for the national register of historic places .
huntley high school in huntley , illinois , offers a blended learning program .     it allows students to combine online learning with in-person teacher instruction .
phone appointments replaced by doctors seeing patients on video calls .     repeat prescriptions and booking appointments could also go online .     # 250million from sale of nhs assets to create a ` paperless health service '
scottish football coverage is at the mercy of sky and bt 's schedules .     yet , scottish football is never afforded the same precedence as england 's .     the demand for scottish football is nearing an all-time low .
finnish daredevil antti pendikainen races his snowmobile off the edge of a mountain in sweden .     pendikainen defied gravity by floating effortlessly thanks to a parachute attached to the vehicle .     ideas is brain child of finnish extreme sports group stunt freak team .
jeff yang : the media has a misconception about urban unrest in light of baltimore turmoil .     he says there 's no pattern of african americans `` targeting asian-owned businesses for destruction ''
jef rouner from houston , texas says his daughter was forced to wear jeans and a t-shirt with her spaghetti-strap sundress .     the father expresses frustration that only girls are targeted by school dress codes - even at such a young age .     he finds it shocking that a dress his daughter wore to church was deemed inappropriate .
three former captains in the frame to lead english cricket .     paul downton was sacked as managing director on wednesday .     michael vaughan has emerged as a leading candidate for the role .     alec stewart said he would consider taking up the position .     andrew strauss is also well respected within the game of cricket .
more than 10,000 people marched in durban against violence , officials say .     twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns .     a cape town resident tweets his complaints against a zulu king .
swansea 's gerhard tremmel in goal behind the free agents ' 4-4-2 .     glen johnson , kolo toure , ron vlaar and luke garbutt at the back .     james milner , mikel arteta , tom cleverley and jonas gutierrez in midfield .     burnley 's danny ings and manchester united 's james wilson up front .
iran 's first supreme leader made a bitter peace with iraq 's saddam hussein .     nazila fathi : is current leader ayatollah khamanei trying to put iran on right track before he dies ?
mike holpin , from ebbw vale in monmouthshire , has at least 40 children .     the 56-year-old is set to marry for fourth time after meeting partner online .     his dating profile on plenty of fish is still active despite him being engaged .     one of his dozens of children said he wished he had never met his father .     mike holpin junior , 22 , claimed he would rather have been related to hitler .
horses complete transatlantic trip to las vegas in ` business class ' luxury .     80,000 fans expected as organizers spend $ 8m bringing horses back to vegas .     celebrity chefs and legends of sport will mix with top jumping and dressage riders .     world cup final trophies to be won -- some of the most prestigious in the sport .
travolta spoke out about the scientology-bashing hbo documentary on monday as he promoted his upcoming film the forger .     the saturday night fever star says he wo n't watch a film by ` disgruntled ' ex-members that is ` so decidedly negative '     travolta says the church helped him get through the ` loss of children , loved ones , physical illnesses ... many tough , tough life situations '
thomas cain 's mother orae mae died in 1943 , when he was just 13 .     he thought that no photographs of her had survived .     granddaughter andrea ferrell , 29 , tracked one down , and filmed the reveal .     emotional mr cain sheds tears as he looks on image from the 1920s .     ferrell is now looking for other photos - especially mr cain 's father .     can you help andrea ferrell track down the photograph of her great-grandfather , henry cain ? email her at andreavferrell@gmail.com .
photographer graeme oxby documented dedicated impersonators at a number of elvis tribute events across britain .     the 50-year-old from east yorkshire also visited fans ' homes for his photo series , called ` the kings of england '     mr oxby said most of the fans are old , but that there is a new generation of people discovering elvis ' music .
update : shelby offrink lost her battle to cancer on june 28 , 2015 .     offrink was diagnosed at 30 with rare inoperable brain cancer .     her husband , ben , was diagnosed with hodgkin 's lymphoma , which had been in remission 15 years .
pekingese dogs marley and mitzy were taken from garden in doncaster .     suspected pet-napper caught on camera after the animals were snatched .     theft reported to the police and owners offer # 1,000 reward for their return .
#tacocannon trends in omaha as excited fans eat up the idea of flying tacos .     the cannon will shoot off tacos at university of nebraska-omaha 's new arena .
`` batman v. superman : dawn of justice '' trailer leaked thursday before being yanked offline .     film will be released on march 25 , 2016 and stars ben affleck and henry cavill .
nuri sahin said he turned down an offer from arsenal to stay in germany .     the decision was based on his family 's wishes to not move to england .     former liverpool loanee said borussia dortmund is his ` home ' club .     read : wenger reveals secrets of his team selection process .     click here for the latest arsenal news .
puno is not the most famous place in peru - but it is one of the most fun .     it sits on the west bank of the famous -lrb- and spectacular -rrb- lake titicaca .     visitors can sail on the lake to visit the fabled artificial uros islands .
james anderson plays his 100th test match in antigua starting monday .     the quick needs four scalps to become england top test wicket taker .     he was called ` pro killer ' as a teen knocking over batsmen for burnley .     mark butcher recalls jimmy 's test debut at lord 's back in 2003 .
the newly discovered species looks a lot like kermit .     you can see its internal organs through the translucent skin on its belly .
cory booker : the unfortunate reality is that the united states leads the world in incarceration , not education .     at the same time , we are losing the increasingly important race to educate our citizens .
sawyer burmeister , a horse-riding champion and sometimes actress , tweeted the barb on thursday evening .     second twitter used forwarded it to donald trump , the real estate titan who 's a possible republican presidential candidate .     a trump social media employee -- one of ten on his staff who help with twitter and other platforms -- retweeted the message .     trump deleted it , but the internet is forever .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is on trial for his alleged role in the boston marathon bombings .     tsarnaev 's sister , ailina , was in court in december related to aggravated harassment charges .     tsarnaev 's mother is wanted on felony charges of shoplifting and destruction of property .
black players allegedly heckled and racially abused during sunday 's game .     milan say incidents if true are ` simply unacceptable '     milan take on benfica in universal cup semi-finals in tuscany on monday .
alan lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month old son , wil , appears to be flying to raise awareness about down syndrome .     wil has down syndrome and lawrence says the toddler ` brings a light to our family '     lawrence plans to put the photos in a calendar and donate half the proceeds to two down syndrome foundations .
por-bajin was discovered a century ago and is still a mystery for experts .     the 3.5 hectare site is located in a siberian lake near the mongolian border .     the unexplained site is estimated to have been built between 744-840 ad .
joshua leakey receives sixth vc queen has given to a living uk recipient .     l/cpl 's cousin was posthumous vc recipient in 1945 for gallantry in wwii .     he says award highlights efforts of all soldiers who went to battle taliban .     three generations of his family including grandparents attend ceremony .
phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders in 2002 when his mother made what he called the ` desperate demand '     buchanon , who is now retired , instead bought her a brand new house .     but she refused to sell her old house and rented it to her sister .     so he ended up paying maintenance for both houses for seven years without getting any of the rent money .     when buchanon finally had enough his mother asked for $ 15,000 instead of a smaller house whose upkeep she could afford .
chelsea sealed a 1-0 victory against manchester united at stamford bridge .     eden hazard struck in the 38th minute after a storming run into the box .     john terry marshalled the chelsea defensive line superbly .     wayne rooney 's midfield role blunted his influence .     radamel falcao struggled to cope with terry all afternoon .
rogue one will be a prequel to the original trilogy .     first ` anthology film ' will be about rebels on a rogue mission to steal plans to the death star .     felicity jones - star of ` the theory of everything ' will star as a rebel soldier .
jenrry mejia suspended for 80 new york mets games without pay .     mejia tested positive for banned substance stanozolol .     25-year-old right hander will not be able to play again until at least july .
a businesswoman worries that if hillary clinton becomes president , her hormones will make her go to war .     mel robbins : what 's scary is that the bias against women in the workplace is still going strong in 2015 .
laura bernardini is a lifelong catholic but had never read the bible from cover to cover .     for the next year , she 's going to read every word , from genesis to revelation .
liz the bearded dragon appears to understand the english language .     the cheeky reptile nods when asked ` are you hungry ? ' by her owner .     shannen hussein has a number of pets on her hobby farm in melbourne .
at a size 34b , annabel cole has long dreamed of having a bigger bust .     the scandfit try size bra claims to take you from a b-cup to a dd-cup .     annabel decided to put ` the boob-job bra ' through its paces in three sizes .
raymond frolander , 18 , sexually abused 11-year-old boy at florida home .     child 's father walked in on assault and beat teen to pulp , then called 911 .     father told the dispatcher : ` send an ambulance . he is going to need one '     after frolander 's arrest , police released bruised and bloodied mug shot .     it was widely shared online , with users congratulating father on actions .     now , frolander has been jailed for 25 years for molesting the youngster .     will be listed as sexual predator and be electronically monitored for life .     ` he 's going to learn in next 25 years why i let him live , ' boy 's father said .
tillman spent 12 years in chicago but the new team management did not declare an interest to retain his services .     a staple of lovie smith 's stingy defense , he will again link up with ron rivera , whowas the bears defensive co-ordinator between 2004-06 .     tillman holds a number of franchise records and the forced fumble specialist joins sean mcdermott 's scheme .     he has also been honoured for his work in the community and won the 2014 walter payton man of the year award .
photographer timothy bouldry spent time at a massive landfill in guwahati , india .     about 100 families live inside the boragaon landfill , but bouldry said they are `` content ''
reporter roger lohse was reporting on burning brush near miami , florida .     cameraman noticed tiny black kitten being rescued behind him lohse .     firefighters revealed kitten had been hiding in modelo beer box from fire .
judd trump beat stuart carrington 10-6 in the first round at the cucible .     trump led 7-2 overnight but made hard work in finishing carrington off .     the 25-year-old will face marco fu in second round of world championship .
louisa steckenreuter was diagnosed with osteosarcoma last june .     the mother-of-two , 35 , is fundraising to access expensive treatment .     a drug called keytruda could buy her more time with her husband and kids .     it costs $ 6000 a month and is not on the pharmaceutical benefits scheme .     ms steckenreuter would be the first australian with her cancer to trial drug .
v stiviano showed off new braces while out to lunch thursday at il pastaio in beverly hills .     she was joined by an older male companion who gave her a gift when she arrived .     this just days before a judge will decide if she must hand over $ 2.8 million in gifts she received from her ex , donald sterling .
steve bruce has promised wife janet to go on a diet and lose some weight .     hull boss was pictured lapping up the sun with pal alan shearer .     bruce was enjoying a short holiday during the international break .
aston villa and qpr drew 3-3 in the premier league on tuesday night .     tim sherwood and chris ramsey 's reunion had twists and turns to it .     the two clubs ' premier league statuses were not decided by the draw .
photos from across the nsw coast show the devastation caused by the worst storm to smash the area in ten years .     in the hunter region of new south wales a staggering 312mm of rain fell in 24 hours .     in dramatic scenes , four houses in the town of dungog were washed away in the raging floodwaters .     animals have been stranded by the floods with one horse rescued from drowning by a woman in a tin boat .     beaches including bondi have been forced to close due to high winds .     but surfers have braved the huge tidal surge despite grave warnings from authorities .
lori smith filmed her pooch boomer being repeatedly hit as she lay with her head resting on the ledge of her electronic dog door .     after more than 20 seconds and numerous head taps boomer appears resting in the same position .
graeme swann revealed the exact moment alastair cook 's form turned .     if adil rashid was picked for the second test he 'd be england 666th player .     devon smith was the first grenadan ever to score a test run in grenada .
also in danger are over 400 public venues and dependent care facilities .     study estimates 77 % of communities have the 15-25 minutes required to evacuate safely after an earthquake hits .     some communities in washington , the most at-risk state , could increase chance of survival simply by walking faster .     but certain communities along the coast are too far from high ground for a safe evacuation - no matter how fast they walk .     they will need to build special evacuation structures instead .
renee bergeron , 38 , captures children with disabilities at their most confident for her superhero project .     the washington-based photographer 's first subject was her son , apollo , who has a feeding tube in his stomach .     she takes the photos free of charge to encourage families and to spread awareness .
diego costa to be given late fitness test following hamstring injury .     john obi mikel will not be included despite recovering from knee injury .     jon walters expected to shake off a calk knock for stoke city .     marc muniesa expected back after five games out with hamstring problem .
harry kane is the premier league 's joint-top goalscorer with 19 but was 500/1 to win the golden boot at the beginning of the season .     michael owen emerged in 1997-98 but managed to maintain his form .     kane has captured the imagination since earning his senior england debut .     nobody had ever won player of the month three times in a row but kane went desperately close after winning it in january and february .     olivier giroud beat him to march despite kane 's five goals that month .     vincent kompany and kane have coincidentally played 1,876 minutes each this season , and both have won 25 tackles apiece .     kane features twice in the top 20 most distances covered in a match .     he was given a taster of what is to come by italy defender giorgio chiellini .
erik compton has had two heart transplants , the last in 2008 .     compton , now on his third heart , is ready to make his augusta debut .     the 35-year-old is also a campaigner for charity donate life .     his first masters appearance coincides with donate life month .
elijah overcomer and his wife rosanna walked out of gloriavale .     it is a secretive christian commune on the new zealand west coast .     he said m night shyamalan movie the village is a ` good comparison '     ` all you know to be outside gloriavale is a lot of evil '     he was initially kicked out for ` asking too many questions '     after leaving gloriavale , family grappled with religious fears .     people opened their homes , hearts and wallets to the gloriavale refugees .     a timaru church has been instrumental in settling the family .     there has recently been an exodus from gloriavale .
the company says it is seeking to `` redefine sexy ''     victoria 's secret was criticized for its `` perfect body '' campaign .
raheem sterling wants to be known as ' a kid that loves to play football '     the england star has rejected a new deal and put off talks until the summer .     sterling was attempting to call the shots during interview with the bbc .     20-year-old has come a long way since being lectured by rodgers in tv documentary in the summer of 2012 .     sterling has two years left to run on his existing # 35,000-a-week contract .     he says he would have signed a new deal at this point last season .     sterling admits it is ` quite flattering ' to be linked with a move to arsenal .     liverpool are infuriated that sterling gave interview in the first place .     some feel he and his representatives are pushing for summer departure .     sterling : what he said about contract talks ... and what he meant .     read : sportsmail answers five questions on sterling 's future .     click here for latest liverpool news and reaction to sterling 's interview .
at the namale resort & spa in fiji , couples can be ` kidnapped ' for a picnic .     the kimpton hotels provide a complementary pet goldfish in guest rooms .     there 's a ` best man for hire ' at the wild dunes resort in south carolina .
scott quigg and i have taken all the risks - carl frampton must step up .     we 've written him a cheque for # 1.5 million so what is stopping them ?     i 've also held talks with kiko martinez and nonito donaire for july 18 .     kell brook vs frankie gavin under strong consideration for may 30 .     anthony joshua will probably fight again on may 9 in birmingham .
motor insurers direct line group put him under video surveillance .     he was filmed meeting his friend clifford and pals in coffee shop .     but the claimant argues footage proves he does not go far from home .     lawyer says client ventures no further than a 1,350 ft radius from house .     engineer tells how injuries from accident put an end to his active life .
manuela arbelaez handed the price is right contestant andrea a $ 21,960 hyundai sonata se for free on thursday 's show .     the absentminded model revealed the correct price of the car too early .     host drew carey was left with little opinion but to tell the contestant , ` congratulations ! manuela just gave you a car ! the game is over , folks '
cases have been traced to ill travelers from india and dominican republic .     symptoms include diarrhea , stomach cramps and nausea .     sometimes antibiotics are prescribed for more serious cases .     however strain has become increasingly resistant to drugs .
nac breda let slip a two-goal lead , sending boss robert maaskant wild .     their manager was so upset with what he 'd seen he punched the dugout .     the game on saturday ended 2-2 against last-placed team fc dordrecht .
french free diver jumped into dean 's blue hole in the bahamas .     guillame néry is seen at the edge before taking the plunge .     the hole is 660ft -lrb- 200 metres -rrb- deep , although he does n't go to the bottom .     free divers are able to hold their breath for more than 20 minutes .
surgeon general vivek murthy enlists elmo for pro-vaccine campaign .     video sees dr murthy explain to elmo why vaccines are important .     released in the wake of recent measles outbreak in north america .     started at disneyland in california , and sickened 147 people in the u.s.
all hunting memorabilia removed from public display at norfolk estate .     more than 60 items , including an indian tiger , have been placed in storage .     and the blood-red walls have been painted white to make change clear .     new sign outside sandringham museum makes pointed reference to how changing times have spelled the end for some exhibits .
tv star terry willesee 's son arrested for smoking weed at sydney town hall .     jesse willesee ran a #weedisnotacrime social media campaign on monday .     the marijuana advocate 's girlfriend provocatively poses in marijuana - themed underwear to support his stance .     jasmine dinjar also shows off her marijuana leaf-painted nails and lights up with a pipe in her social media posts .
around one in seven couples suffer with infertility .     dr xiao-ping zhai offers help via with traditional chinese medicine .     uses acupuncture and prescribes course of chinese herbs .
entertainer yousef saleh erakat posed as a homeless man in los angeles .     most people responded to his offer of a $ 10 bill angrily , cursing at him , giving him the finger and calling him names .     one man brags about his black card and points to his mercedes benz , telling the seemingly homeless man he needs to ` earn his way up '     only two people in the video actually stop and offer erakat money instead .
author of ` why women hate me for being beautiful ' article speaks out .     the 44-year-old is ` utterly peeved ' by the ` exploitative ' dove campaign .     samantha claims women 's need for modesty is down to self-protection .
previous popes had finessed the question of whether the killing of 1.5 million armenians was genocide .     because he often shines such a smiley face on the world , it can be easy to forget the bluntness francis sometimes brings to the bully pulpit .
last month , the company and health officials said a 3-ounce cup of ice cream contaminated with listeriosis was traced to a plant oklahoma .     officials determined at least four people hospitalized with the bacteria drank milkshakes that contained blue bell ice cream , three of whom later died .     the disease primarily affects pregnant women , newborns , older adults and people with weakened immune systems .
adjoining homes are virtually identical , boasting indoor pool and sea views .     but one of the beachfront homes in poole has an extra en-suite bedroom .     properties have replaced a four-storey house which was sold for # 4.5 m .     lloyds property group said they would suit couple who like independence .
luo kun kun expelled from his village in china when diagnosed with hiv .     residents - including his grandfather - signed a petition to banish him .     he was refused admission to schools and said ` nobody plays with me '     now a specialist school in linfen , shanxi province , has stepped in to help .     the red ribbon school is equipped to look after hiv-positive children .
56-page book contains turing 's thoughts on tricky ` leibniz notation dx/dy '     it was written at the bletchley park code-breaking headquarters in 1942 .     only extensive turing manuscript thought to exist , the auctioneer said .     it will be sold by an anonymous seller by bonhams in new york on monday .
the popular joejoe has over 60,000 followers on instagram .     capybara stands calmly in the bath with three ducklings on its back .     giant rodent lives in las vegas with his owner cody kennedy .
williams was suspended from nbc in february after it emerged he 'd lied about being in a helicopter that was shot down in iraq in 2003 .     a new report in vanity fair claims williams lied because he felt insecure taking over from beloved anchor tom brokaw at the nightly news .     while some execs saw his lying as ` quirks ' of his personality , the tales left brokaw ` incensed ' and he ultimately did n't support williams in february .     after he was accused of lying , williams wondered if he had a brain tumor .     but other nbc employees said williams had always been out of his depth because of his lack of experience and disinterest in ` hard ' news .
enner valencia back for west ham united after toe injury .     james tomkins , andy carroll and doneil henry out for hammers .     marc wilson available for stoke city despite having broken hand .     jon walters is carrying a knee problem but is in contention .
spacecraft to crash on mercury this month .     messenger probe has been in orbit since 2011 .
gold coast training queen ashy bines has apologised to her ` very upset followers ' after error .     in an email on saturday , she mistakenly wrote that a new exclusive program cost $ us49 ,500 per year .     the real cost of the program was actually a tenth of that , or $ us4 ,950.00 , according to ms bines .     the exclusive , year-long program has now sold out , a spokeswoman told daily mail australia .
the shops are full of red dresses in all shapes and shades this year .     so , is it time to switch from our trusty lbds to a lrd for the summer ?     kate battersby tried six red looks to see which work and which do n't .
power failure sparked a ` total meltdown ' on london trains across the day .     thousands of passengers stranded on two trains near clapham junction .     police boarded trains to hand out water and paramedics had to be on hand .
molly schuyler won the 72-ounce steak dinner challenge at big texan steak ranch in amarillo , texas on sunday .     the mother of four from california weighs just 120 pounds , but after the dinner she weighed in at 135 pounds .     she said she plans to return next year to beat her record and up the ante to four steaks .
jimmy white lost 10-8 to matthew selt in world championship qualifying .     the whirlwind had been up 7-2 after the morning session .     but selt reeled off eight off the evening 's nine frames to go through .     six-time world champion steve davis lost 10-1 to kurt maflin .
david nicholson , 48 , has resigned as head of basingstoke school .     allegedly used school email to organise a threesome with escorts .     escort said she enjoyed dressing in uniform , which he was ` keen ' on .     father-of-four said he was ` looking forward to putting you over my knee '
a statement claiming to be from an anti-vaccination lobby group has compared immunisation to rape .     the post was in response to new laws which penalise those who do n't immunise their children .     the image has been removed and group blamed it on an ` outside ' poster .     the avn has issued a statement saying it does not support the ` message or its sentiments '     the group also said the facebook page is not affiliated with the group .
england were held to draw against west indies in 2009 despite leaving their opponents with a hefty target of 503 .     gary ballance battled on in antigua despite suffering a knock to his arm .     joe root made an impressive contribution with his 142 runs .
police were called to a dairy in east christchurch after reports of a robbery .     man in a ` distinctive ' cartoon mask demanded cash from owner 's daughter .     police are appealing to the public for help in identifying the offender .
scene portrays teenage ` victim ' testifying at the trial of his teacher .     is asked how long the relationship lasted by the attorney .     the youngster responds by saying : ` five glorious weeks m ` amm '     he points to the teacher , played by cecily strong , saying she looks ` fine '     twitter users said the sketch was ` gross ' and a ` new low ' for the nbc show .
discovered in the stasi archive in berlin by photographer arwed messmer .     show how secret police forced people trying to escape to re-enact method .     include pictures of primitive floats , children concealed in cars and tunnels .     secret police used the pictures for training and for use at trials as evidence .     have now been compiled in a book called reenactment mfs .     reenactment mfs by arwed messmer , is published by hatje cantz .
jean nidetch started weight watchers in 1963 .     nidetch 's philosophy : `` it 's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny ''
raheem sterling is quite within his rights to get the best possible deal .     the only issue right now is how he 's choosing to go about doing it .     liverpool forward should realise that # 100k-a-week is a generous offer .     switching to another club now would not be good idea for his development .
five-second rule dubbed a myth by food health industry experts .     ` we definitely do not recommend it , ' food safety information council says .     however , what food you drop and where you drop it has an impact on risk .     potato chips , nuts and biscuits less risky , but meats and cut fruit a no-go .
taya kyle , 40 remembers crying as she told her young son and daughter .     reveals the difficult moment for new upcoming abc 20/20 show .     navy seal chris kyle was shot dead in february 2013 by eddie ray routh .     routh was convicted of murder and sentenced to life without parole in february .     taya kyle will release new book in may called , ` american wife : a memoir of love , war , faith and renewal '
roof of silverstone race track was damaged by high winds .     a section of the # 27m building was affected by weather earlier this week .     upcoming races and events at silverstone will not be affected .
england rugby captain chris robshaw photographed on holiday in barbados with girlfriend camilla kerslake .     robshaw admits he did not welcome or enjoy the experience .     he has spoken with former england captains about media scrutiny .
bradley dew was drinking with his deaf friend at pub in faversham in kent .     he later stole his friend 's mobile and hit him in the face to steal # 10 .     dew fled , hiding from police in toilets of a pub close to his friend 's house .     the 26-year-old was jailed for two years and labelled a ` bully ' by police .
england manager roy hodgson appears to still not know his best xi .     sportsmail 's top team of reporters reveal their england euro 2016 line-ups .     england are currently top of euro 2016 qualifying group e on 15 points .
eden hazard gave chelsea the lead in the 38th minute when he latched onto a flick from oscar .     radamel falcao complained of a foul by blues skipper john terry in the build-up to the opening goal .     hazard almost made it 2-0 but his close-range effort hit the bar after a surging run from didier drogba .     united midfielder ander herrera was booked for simulation in the 95th minute after trying to win a penalty .     the result means jose mourinho 's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the table .     click here to read oliver todd 's player ratings from stamford bridge .
loeb says he filed a complaint against the actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos .     the couple created the embryos while they were engaged .
sheriff 's spokeswoman : ebony dickens is out of jail after posting $ 10,000 bond .     police : authorities found a firearm , three computers in her east point residence .     dickens is accused of posting her facebook rant under the name tiffany milan .
nasa scientists in california reveal new images of dwarf planet ceres .     they show new views of the two brightest spots in a crater .     however , scientists are still not able to explain what they are .     dawn will begin its first science orbit around ceres on 23 april .
mourners attend visitation service for walter scott .     police meet with man who was passenger in his car when it was pulled over .     michael slager 's lawyer says police are n't being helpful at this point .
al-shabaab is an al-qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia .     it claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at a kenyan mall in september 2013 .     the group has recruited some americans .
wellness blogger belle gibson has finally admitted she never had cancer .     ` no , none of it is true , ' she told the australian women 's weekly magazine .     model jesinta campbell has joined the chorus of angry followers .     campbell said the pair shed tears together at the the cosmopolitan fun fearless female awards last year as gibson told her fake story .     the whole pantry founder is still refusing to meet with her publisher .
this 4x4 from russia is a fraction of the price of a new land rover .     off-road , the niva is in its element , with low and highrange gears .     but , forget luxuries because the niva is an unabashed frills-free zone .     a highly capable , ruftytufty 4x4 from russia -- for a fraction of the price of a new land rover .     it 's a confident charmer that stands out from the crowd , with high suspension , pressed steel wheels , soviet-style looks and real rarity value . expect to get gawped at : someone offered to buy mine on its second trip out . always fun .     now available in the uk from niva imports through its dealer , bb motors , in corby , northamptonshire -lrb- 01536 202207 , lada4x4.co.uk -rrb- .     on the road , the basic 1.7-litre petrol engine -lrb- your only option -rrb- is deafeningly noisy , but tolerably smooth . power steering , manageable dimensions and a tight turning circle make it reasonably practical for the supermarket or school run .     the seats are comfy and thanks to a high driving position and large wing mirrors , all-round visibility is good . top speed is 91 mph .     off-road , the niva is in its element , with low and highrange gears , differential lock and a sturdy monocoque construction . it is lighter and more sprightly in the mud than many big-name utility 4x4s , with 220mm ground clearance , a 600mm wading depth and a climbing ability of up to 58 per cent . tall , slender tyres give it an added advantage when things get mucky .     you wo n't have to agonise over pages of extras ... they 're more or less nonexistent . this is a very basic utility vehicle , after all .     choose in white , blue , green or red , then decide whether you 'd like the snorkel or snow plough -lrb- really -rrb- attachments . an lpg option is available for an extra # 999 -- but you lose boot space .     reasonable fuel economy at 33mpg and affordable to insure -- once you 've explained exactly what it is . meets euro 5 emissions standards . the heated blower , presumably designed with siberia in mind , has plenty of muscle for icy winter mornings .     also available in a compact van format -lrb- # 10,590 , excluding vat and road tax -rrb- .     spartan on the inside . forget luxuries such as radios , cup-holders , central locking and electric windows -- the niva is an unabashed frills-free zone . the upside of its simplicity is that the plastic interior is easy to mop down after a day in the mud , and there 's not much to break or go wrong .     there are only four seatbelts and a slightly pokey boot .     do n't trust the petrol gauge , which regularly aims to deceive .     no warranty is offered as standard -- although a two-year plan is coming soon -- and spares may need to be imported -lrb- bb motors will assist -rrb- .     only available in lefthand drive -- unless you put in an order for more than 500 of them !     shhhh ! you did n't hear it from me . but patriotic russian president vladimir putin made a big play of driving a lada niva back in 2009 -- but fitted it with a german engine .
laura bernardini , a lifelong catholic , has decided to finally read the bible from cover to cover . this is week two .     some surprises : two creation stories , seth , and what on earth are the `` men of heaven '' ?
laurene jobs praised former first lady hillary clinton .     steve jobs ' widow claimed the democratic front-runner is ` revolutionary '     mrs clinton has announced her candidacy and began campaigning in iowa .     she described mrs clinton as ` america 's greatest modern creation '
allan donald served as south africa bowling coach since 2011 .     donald said ` it was always a big dream ' to work in south african cricket .     chief executive haroon lorgat said donald will ` always be a stalwart '
protesters angry over bribery scandal involving state-run oil company petrobras .     brazilian president dilma rousseff also is struggling with an economic downturn .
mahendra bavishi is joint director of hatton garden safe deposit ltd .     his son manish , 38 , who lives in london , usually runs business full-time .     69-year-old said robbers almost certainly had some inside information .     mr bavishi expressed his fury at police for ignoring an alert from a state of the art alarm in the vault .
the comedian stayed with flavours who offer a painting in venice break .     jenny and her partner geof stayed at the farmhouse villa bianchi .     days involved sitting in medieval market towns with a brush and prosecco .
ronaldo scored five times in real madrid 's 9-1 win over granada .     it takes his total to 11 goals in eight matches against them .     but granada have got off lightly compared to some teams he has faced .     ronaldo has 18 goals in 12 against sevilla ; 15 in 20 versus atletico .     portuguese has 15 goals in nine against getafe and 12 in six vs celta vigo .
kate t. parker was inspired to create her series strong is the new pretty after years of shooting pictures of her daughters ella , nine , and alice , six .
leigh griffiths revealed that ronny deila and john collins warned him .     the celtic striker took a while to settle in at his new club after his move .     griffiths has been in red-hot form and scored three against kilmarnock .
muslim engagement and development -lrb- mend -rrb- has made the claims .     says it has been in talks with both the tory and labour leadership .     mend is said to have links to a number of extremists .
sam gallagher helped southampton claim u21 premier league cup .     striker scored stunning goal in front of first-team manager ronald koeman .     gallagher has n't featured this season after impressing last year .
jenny wallenda , 87 , the matriarch of the famous family of high-flying circus performers , died late saturday at her home in sarasota , florida .     her nephew , rick wallenda , said his aunt died following a lengthy illness .     wallenda was the oldest daughter of high wire walker karl wallenda and grandmother of daredevil performer nik wallenda .     nik wallenda has walked over the grand canyon and over chicago .     jenny wallenda walked the high wire as an adult and performed on bareback horses as a child .     she also advocated for causes important to the circus community in her later years and helped create the circus ring of fame .
star wars fan went to a star wars convention for new force awakens film .     he met his hero r2d2 who began spinning around with the child .     boy can be heard giggling uncontrollably as r2d2 mirrors and follows him .     child was at a convention in anaheim , dressed in star wars merchandise .
spencer gerlach , 20 , admitted to stabbing his ex-wife keltsie gerlach to death as their 15-month-old daughter slept in the next room .     the baby girl was unharmed and was taken into custody by child services .     the cause of argument that led to the murder is unknown .     spencer faces first-degree murder charges and was booked at elder county jail .
fly initially looks satisfied as it tastes the frozen food .     before realising it is stuck and beating its legs in panic .     it then attempts to free itself by heaving backwards .     the filmmaker eventually helps it out with a heat gun .     the footage was captured in auckland , new zealand .
twitter user saskia , 17 , posted ` arsenal exam ' result on social media .     she scored 87 per cent and her boyfriend said he would n't dump her .     questions covered club history , current players and club loyalty .
arsenal beat burnley 1-0 in the epl .     a goal from aaron ramsey secured all three points .     win cuts chelsea 's epl lead to four points .
the block 's four apartments are now on the market with the auctions pencilled in for april 28 .     apartments will be open to the public on april 11-12 , with thousands of people expected to turn up for a look .     contestants keep any money made over their reserves and the team that makes the most receives a $ 100,000 bonus .     agents have started the hunt for the buyers of the renovated three-bedroom properties in trendy south yarra .
wikileaks uploads hundreds of thousands of emails and documents into a searchable online archive .     documents date from last year 's crippling cyberattack against sony pictures entertainment .     it 's the latest blow for the company struggling to get past the attack .     wikileaks founder julian assange defended actions and said the documents were already in the public domain .
tim sherwood has had an instant impact since taking over at aston villa .     the 46-year-old has won five out his ten games in charge at the club .     sherwood led villa to a 2-1 win over liverpool in the fa cup semi-final .     sportsmail looks into the five key reasons behind his immediate success .     click here for all the latest aston villa news .
picture believed to be sole image of civil war ship revealed to be a fake .     john potter , from savannah , admitted forging it with his brother in the 80s .     image , part of the unofficial history of the ship , was never authenticated .     faked using a fishing pole and a styrophome model from a historical film .
paddlers get a fright when large shark swims into the shallows .     papamoa beach is a popular bay of plenty destination in new zealand .     holiday-makers were soon running for cover out of the sea .     but before long they were back on the shore taking photographs of it .     the last fatal shark attack in new zealand waters was in 2013 .
alexis sanchez scored after 39 minutes following some clever play by mesut ozil for arsenal .     gareth mccleary 's shot was deflected over the line on 54 as reading hauled themselves level .     sanchez struck again before half time in extra time when his shot squirmed through adam federici 's legs .
the true cross phenomenon begins with emperor constantine , the first roman emperor to convert to christianity .     could fragments of a tree survive millennia ? or are they fragments of forgery that speak to our need to believe ?
the two moms from `` big bang theory '' guest star this week .     `` backstrom , '' `` blue bloods '' are among the week 's season finales .     comedy `` younger '' is gaining big buzz .
louise redknapp and stylist emma thatcher try the wide-leg trouser .     they say it makes a good replacement for ever-popular skinny jeans .
joanna biggs tells the stories of real people she has interviewedin the uk .     she offers an excellent contribution to our knowledge of the world of work .     confesses she hoped for more resistance to the way society is organised .
neil macgregor to leave job he has held since 2002 at the end of the year .     sixty-eight-year-old said it was ' a difficult thing ' to finally decide to leave .     previously ran the national gallery and has also worked as a broadcaster .     history of the world in 100 objects series inspired by museum collection .
lotatoa ` lota ' ward was diagnosed with a brain tumor in october 2014 .     he has since had to undergo four surgeries on his brain .     just before his latest surgery , lota ran in the 10th annual antelope island buffalo run outside of salt lake city , utah .
sarah wilson admitted anxiety drove her to think about taking her own life .     ms wilson has suffered from anxiety since she was a young girl .     anxiety , stress , loneliness and a thyroid disease made her feel worthless .     one in three australian women will experience anxiety in their lifetime .     ms wilson said anxiety is quickly becoming the ` new depression '
liam ridgewell is currently playing for the portland timbers in mls .     the 30-year-old came up against brazilian kaka , who plays for orlando city .     ridgewell welcomed his family for a visit to the united states of america .     portland take on fierce rivals seattle sounders on monday at 2:30 am uk .
connor sullivan , 17 , of cupertino , went missing from school early monday .     junior returned home thursday night after hundreds searched for him .     he used portable bathrooms at school , which has guava and quince trees .     teenager told police that he slept under the bleachers every night .
town planners have allowed two costa cafes less than 500 yards apart .     two coffee shops in windsor will be just a short walk away from each other .     and there is even a costa express in between the two new outlets .
betheny coyne was diagnosed with the defect before she was born .     was not expected to live past her fourth birthday - but has defied the odds .     is now trying to make as many memories as possible for her children .
the poet has a reputation as a ` young apollo ' who died tragically young .     new letters reveal he had a string of brief relationships with women .     lover cathleen nesbitt suggested that he could ` settle in the wild '     brooke was mourned by the nation and celebrated by churchill when he died 100 years ago today .
footage shows mario valencia walking along a street in marana , arizona .     alleged robber points item that appears to be rifle into air ; shot rings out .     seconds later , officer michael rapiejko starts speeding toward valencia .     his police car mounts the sidewalk , before crashing into armed suspect .     valencia taken to hospital with serious injuries ; released two days later .     police chief has defended officer 's actions , which saved ` valencia 's life '     suspect had allegedly stolen rifle from walmart and threatened suicide .     comes as us police remain under scrutiny for alleged racially profiling .
carwyn scott-howell died on a family holiday in flaine in french alps .     he went ahead alone when sister fell and his mother stopped to help .     skied into dense woodland before sliding towards a 164-foot cliff .     thought he may have entered woodland as thought it was shortcut to hotel .     family described him as a ` very daring , outgoing , determined little boy '
elliot kear played for premiership rugby 's relegated london welsh .     he joined the oxford-based rugby club from super league 's bradford .     kear could line up for the broncos as soon as sunday against dewsbury .
jesse and melissa meek revealed they 're expecting a child in a rap video they made set to theme from ` the fresh prince of bel-air '     the clip , which features jesse and melissa meek rapping as they drive in a car , has been viewed over 1.7 million times on youtube .     it took five takes to film the happy valley , oregon , couple 's video .
natural world safaris offers tourists the opportunity to share space with the endangered species .     the seven-day package includes ` basic accommodation ' and no guarantee you 'll see a rare tiger .     guests are guided by conservationist alexander batalov , who works tirelessly to protect siberian tigers .
match.com said the winning candidate will be outgoing and media-savvy .     the lucky singleton will stop in rio de janeiro , paris and new york .     the trip will last for six weeks with all hotel and travel costs covered .
father-of-three craig sytsma was mauled to death in michigan last year .     dog owners sebastiano quagliata and wife valbona lucaj agreed to plea deal friday to around 15 years in jail , though judge could add six months .     sytsma was jogging in july 2014 when the two cane corsos attacked him .     he was bitten almost ten times and was ` screaming and begging ' for help .
ian poulter often uses acupuncture to help his recovery .     english golfer recently finished tied sixth at the us masters .     floyd mayweather -lrb- kriotherapy -rrb- , robin van persie -lrb- horse placenta massages -rrb- and amar ' e stoudemire -lrb- vinotherapy -rrb- are among other sportsmen to use alternative medicine .
it was a crucial holiday for the olympic gold medallist and husband harry .     their stay would be their last getaway before the birth of their first child .     the couple stayed in over-the-water bungalows at dubai 's anantara resort .
the camellias evergreen foliage provides a contrast to the bright flowers .     they are easy to grow and like acid , free-draining and nutritious soil .     camellias are happy in sun or shade and grow readily among other shrubs .
aaron cresswell moved to west ham from ipswich for just # 2m in 2014 .     the left-back has proved a good fit in the premier league since his move .     john stones , nathaniel clyne and scott dann are other examples .
does finding the perfect pillow really need to break the bank ?     our femail tester put a selection of the best pillows to ultimate sleep test .     lidl 's # 3.49 microfibre pillow performed just as well as luxury goose down !
train guard graham palmer addresses passengers with original poems .     the northern rail conductor began writing poems last christmas .     palmer even customises his couplets for the stations his train passes .     he says it 's tongue in cheek but at least it 's getting the message across .
control of strategic seaport of aden divided between houthi rebels and government loyalists .     some saudi arms are falling into rebel hands .     terrified residents line up for bread and fuel and try to stay indoors .
cuban-born kathy ferreiro 's curves have attracted fans on social media .     bikini-loving beach babe says photos of her booty are all natural .     miami-based party girl is hoping to become next kim kardashian .     has a huge following in colombia and other latin american countries .
women in india are street harassed , primarily in crowded areas like trains and railway platforms .     elsa marie d'silva : it 's time we speak up ; we can not accept harassment as part of our daily routine .
#firebrittmchenry has become a popular hashtag on twitter .     britt mchenry is a reporter for the sports network , and she is based in washington .     she apologized on twitter for losing control of her emotions , not taking the high road .
the video was filmed over 45 minutes at bardwell park station in sydney .     it shows the rising flood water taking over the train tracks .     sydney 's two-day total rain fall totalled about 225mm on wednesday .     the flooding caused a partial closure of the airport train line .
aliesha peterson , 22 , from canada , says a therapist recommended she start exercising to improve her depression .     she writes on reddit that after ` slow ' progress for 20 months , she now sees an improvement in her mood and her body .
snp 's nicola sturgeon looked glamorous as she arrived at bbc yesterday .     nationalist wore fuchsia dress that flattered her slimmed-down physique .     miss sturgeon has left her boxy jackets and severe suits in the past .     she is rumoured to have hired a personal shopper and a stylist in 2007 .
adam sobel : california 's steps against drought are a preview for rest of u.s. and world .     tying climate change to weather does n't rest on single extreme event , sobel says .     the big picture should spur us to prepare for new climates by fixing infrastructure , he says .
original lyrics to u.s. pop anthem american pie up for auction tuesday .     unidentified bidder won the 16-page document for $ 1.2 million .     the manuscript includes a deleted verse about music being ` reborn ' .
ian rogers has spent hundreds of pounds on his collection of nine dolls .     the dolls are said to be haunted with the spirits of dead people .     he says each doll has their own unique story .     he used to share them with his sister but she found them too mischievous .
dr. kristen lindsey has since removed the post of her holding the dead cat by an arrow .     her employer fired her ; the sheriff 's office is investigating .     activist offers $ 7,500 reward .
king felipe was making his first appearance since the claims emerged .     new book alleges his father had a 10-year affair with a german socialite .     corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein claims juan-carlos wanted to marry her .     felipe , 47 , was joined by wife letizia , 42 , at university of alcala de henares .
actor thinks the former secretary of state has ` paid her dues '     revealed his choice for the nomination at the tribeca film festival .     said in 2006 both she and obama would one day be in the white house .     added that if she is president there will be ` surprises '
mystery man wandered into polish embassy yesterday with no memory .     the only clue to his identity is a distinctive flower tattoo on his right arm .     he ca n't recall his own name , how he lost his memory or came to be in uk .     all he could remember that he was from poland and his daughter lenka .
brits each have on average three unwanted and unreturned items .     four in 10 britons have an average of # 77 of unwanted online shopping .     more than 40 per cent simply ` could not be bothered ' to return item .     research also shows a third of adults have bought things they did not want .
disgruntled flyers have taken to social media to shame feral passengers .     the photographs show people with less than desirable habits on planes .     images are submitted anonymously by passengers and flight attendants .     the images were posted on an instagram account passenger shaming .
london-based designer claims to have made the world 's safest bike .     called the babel bike it has a host of features including a roll cage .     crispin sinclair is seeking # 50,000 of funding on site indiegogo .     bike also has foot protectors and an electric motor .
during a ` flex cam ' break at a philadelphia soul game on april 12 a woman proved that she had the bigger muscles than the man in front of her .     video of the unidentified woman 's robust display at the arena football league game has over 300,000 views on youtube .     the woman shames the man in front of her and perhaps everyone in the arena with her gigantic arms .
reps from both cable giants will meet with doj officials on wednesday .     first meeting companies had with regulators since announcing proposal .     earlier reports said doj antitrust attorneys wanted to block the merger .     officials fear the new company would dominate internet broadband market .     time warner shares closed friday at $ 149.61 while comcast was at $ 58.42 .
djokovic wins monte carlo masters .     defeats berdych 7-5 , 4-6 , 6-3 .     djokovic had earlier beaten clay expert nadal in semis .
researchers studied 40 million posts made by 1.7 million web users .     from this they divided people into two groups - future-banned users -lrb- fbus -rrb- and never-banned users -lrb- nbus -rrb- .     they built an algorithm that scans posts for signs of antisocial behaviour .     study shows this algorithm can identify potential trolls in 80 % of cases .
lib dem leader is trailing labour in sheffield hallam constituency .     deputy prime minister won his seat in 2010 with more than 50 % of the vote .     revelation included in latest round of polling in marginal constituencies .
ryan gosling 's directorial debut , `` lost river '' , is set in the city of detroit .
manchester city will make signing english players a priority this summer .     raheem sterling , danny ings and ross barkley are all on city 's wanted list .     club chiefs want to sign young , hungry potentially world-class players .     the premier league champions , however , will not compromise on quality .     manuel pellegrini has admitted it 's hard to sign the best english talent .     city need eight homegrown players for their first-team squad next season .
drake thanks madonna and says he `` got to make out with the queen ''     singer madonna kisses rapper drake onstage at coachella .     drake 's reaction was priceless , according to the web .
some smiled over an honor they felt was overdue , but also clenched their teeth over needs they say the army has denied .     ' i try not to be bitter . but it 's kind of hard not to be bitter , ' said jackson , a former staff sergeant .     thirteen people were killed and 31 were injured in the 2009 attack carried out by an army psychiatrist who is now on military death row .
indonesia has advised foreign consular officials to travel to indonesia 's `` execution island ''     the 10 death row inmates being held have had their legal bids rejected .     they include australian `` bali nine '' members andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .
charlie austin is yet to receive england call-up despite impressing for qpr .     austin has scored 17 premier league goals for the relegation strugglers .     roy hodgson should not listen to those who say he favours big clubs .
china 's navy evacuated 225 foreign nationals and 600 chinese citizens .     300 russians and 200 pakistanis were flown out of war-torn area .     weapons parachuted into aden by saudi-led war planes .     conflict has seen at least 519 people killed so far , says un .
researchers behind the gallup-healthways well-being index say the number of uninsured americans is now at a record low .     when tracking began in 2008 roughly 14 percent of citizens were uninsured , peaking at 18 percent in the third quarter of 2013 .     but marking a shift in the trend , for the first three months of this year the rate dropped to 11.9 percent .     the survey results were based on phone interviews conducted from january 2 to march 31 with a sample of 43,575 adults ages 18 and older .
sir alex ferguson has lived and breathed football since making his senior debut at the age of just 16 .     ferguson 's haul of 49 assorted cups and prizes making him easily britain 's most successful ever manager .     football is no longer the dominant factor in ferguson 's life .     click here for the latest manchester united news .
researchers had thought reading or looking at screens caused condition .     but now believe it could be because both of these activities occur indoors .     forty minutes extra of natural light per day could cut cases by a quarter .     chinese children now being sent to schools with translucent walls .
timothy rogalski ` called the school five times and accused school staff of staging the shooting that left 20 children and six educators dead '     police traced the calls to his home and he was arrested .     ' i do n't think i said anything that horrible , ' he said in court .
liverpool will go another campaign without silverware after fa cup exit .     it marks a third straight term where brendan rodgers has failed to deliver .     he has spent over # 200m on transfers but is yet to win a trophy at anfield .     and only a fraction of the 22 players he 's signed can be considered a ` hit '
wojciech szczesny to play in goal during arsenal 's fa cup semi-final .     the poland international lost the no 1 spot to new signing david ospina .     szczesny could leave the club if another keeper is bought by wenger .     click here for all the latest arsenal news .
` x ' marks have been spotted on garden sheds in east kilbride , lanarkshire .     other codes suggest occupant is vulnerable or that property has an alarm .     another mark tells burglars if there is nothing worth stealing in the building .
eurocamp 's safari tents are more deluxe than a normal stay under canvas .     l'ardéchoise site is in the ardèche region in south central france .     an hour-and-half 's drive from the south 's beaches and montpellier airport .     this site is a five-star park at the top end of what 's on offer in france .     it has four pools and a camp ` animateur ' organising activities for little ones .
aguero opened scoring in the 8th minute , tapping in silva 's pinpoint cross .     young levels minutes six minutes later , reacting to a loose ball in the box .     fellaini nods in young 's cross for his sixth of the season in the 28th minute .     mata punished weak city defending to add a breakaway third in the 66th .     an unmarked smalling nodded home young 's free-kick to make it four .     aguero finished zabaleta 's cross to add a his second late on .     vincent kompany 's challenge on daley blind attracted criticism - and a booking - and he was subbed after half-time .     city had won the last four manchester derbies but sank to their fourth defeat in six premier league games .     for united , this was a sixth successive win , and a hugely impressive one .     view all the stats and pitch maps from the game with our match zone .     read : ashley young laughs at manchester city as manchester united silence ` noisy neighbours ' with big derby win .
lindsey norman purchased buns from sainsbury 's store in peterborough .     the mother-of-two spotted the image of jesus christ in a hot cross bun .     said it made me ` giggle as it 's coming up to easter ' but has eaten the bun .
public housing tenants will pay a bond under a nsw government plan .     community services minister brad hazzard said the annual bill for repairs and maintenance on taxpayer-funded housing had hit $ 12 million .     mr hazzard said the bond would be able to be paid in instalments .
natasha , 24 , and patrick jackson , 22 , were both left brain damaged at birth .     they 're severely disabled , suffer cerebral palsy and natasha has epilepsy .     she is wheelchair-bound and relies of nurses to help her dress and eat .     mother , paula mckay , has won a # 13 million legal battle for compensation .
bayern munich trail porto 3-1 in their champions league quarter-final tie .     pep guardiola 's contract as bayern manager expires in the summer of 2016 .     manuel pellegrini 's deal at manchester city finishes at the same time too .
vin los , 24 , poses in boxer briefs for underwear brand garçon model .     the montreal native has a selection of words tattooed on his face , neck , and body that look like they were scrawled on with a sharpie .     vin 's goal is to be the most famous man on earth and he insists that his body art embodies pop culture .
prime minister reveals 11-year-old daughter 's withering comparison .     phil dunphy is the hapless father loved for his bizarre pearls of wisdom .     nancy threatens a no. 10 memoir including how she was left in a pub .
he made the statement before in march .     o'malley is low in the polls with democrats , but he has been flirting with a presidential run .
anne germain , 86 , was killed by the flood waters on wednesday .     she was making a quick trip to the shops when her car washed away .     bystanders stripped off and dove into the icy waters to try and save her and her car was dragged by the fast waters in maitland .     she had wanted to go and see her husband in a nursing home but knew it would n't be safe .     nsw premier mike baird visited the area and is ` shocked ' by devastation .
martin tyler revealed 1996 anfield thriller is his favourite game of all time .     the iconic commentator says the winning goal still gives him goosebumps .     liverpool opened the scoring on two minutes through robbie fowler .     newcastle equalised eight minutes later after les ferdinand 's strike .     what followed was a seven goal thriller that went right to the wire .     it was a chance for both teams to put pressure on league leaders manchester united .
members of the royal household have voted for work to rule in pay row .     wardens claim they 're asked to perform extra duty for no extra money .     staff complained they 're being paid far below the ` living wage ' they deserve .     royal collection trust called the vote for industrial action ` disappointing '
president barack obama is attending the summit of the americas .     frida ghitis says he must work to improve ties with region .
janet muller was found dead in a burning car in ifield , crawley , last month .     university of brighton student , 21 , died as a result of smoke inhalation .     murder squad detectives release cctv footage of her last known movements .
chelsea could consider selling brazilian midfielder oscar this summer .     both juventus and liverpool are keeping tracking of developments .     oscar has struggled to maintain a first team place this season .
detective : `` i sincerely apologize '' for berating uber driver .     nypd investigating encounter that was caught on tape by passenger .     detective placed on modified assignment .
adam leheup met his alleged victim at waterloo station in july 2013 .     blackfriars crown court heard the pair went to gordon 's wine bar .     leheup arranged to meet the girl after corresponding on ` let 's date ' app .     he denies raping the girl after she invited him back to her camden flat .
workers carry heavy planks and wheelbarrows full of concrete across wooden walkway thousands of feet in the air .     men , who are just one step from death , have no ropes or safety harnesses and only hard hats to cushion their fall .     officials in pingjiang county , hunan province , hope the path will attract thousands of tourists when it is complete .
ronnie o'sullivan had to borrow pair of shoes from audience member .     the 39-year-old played one frame in socks due to ankle discomfort .     o'sullivan was breaking snooker etiquette in failing to wear smart shoes .     read : ding junhui misses out on maximum break -lrb- and # 30,000 -rrb- .
` republicans seem to be talking only about me , ' hillary told reporters in new hampshire .     that 's true : a forthcoming book claims she traded official favors at the state department for speaking fees and donations to her foundation .     ` hopefully we 'll get on to the issues , ' she said .     clinton has yet to publicly articulate her own platform of issues and policy goals as a presidential candidate .
melanie serita buck , 33 , accused of ` deliberately ' knocking michael buckley .     there was ` altercation ' before she ` rammed him out of frustration ' , jury told .     60-year-old fell to floor , breaking two bones , and died three months later .     buck , from bromley , denies manslaughter and gbh - the case continues .
christie 's is holding a magnificent jewels auction next month in geneva .     overall , it is expected to raise in excess of # 53million .     includes pink diamond worth # 8million and sapphire worth # 2.7 million .
nba player jeff green had open heart surgery to repair an aortic aneurysm in 2011 .     green missed the entire 2011-2012 basketball season .     now he donates time to young cardiovascular patients .
an attorney for freddie gray 's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up .     there are ongoing administrative and criminal investigations .     baltimore 's mayor promises to get the bottom of what happened .
cathryn parker , 72 , gave a false name at a traffic stop in la last month .     police realized she was also leasing her home with another name .     case unraveled to be one of the worst cases of identity theft in the state .     most of her identities are stolen from hollywood production staffers .     anyone with information regarding the case is asked to contact the lapd on 661 940-3851 .
the houston texans defensive end released the video as part of his announcement of signing a reebok endorsement deal .     watt , 26 , is 6-foot-5 and 289lbs .
the pfa premier league team of the year was unveiled on sunday night .     it included six chelsea players including captain john terry .     man united , arsenal , liverpool , tottenham and southampton represented .     the ea sports team sees diego costa and nemanja matic miss out .     but blues midfielder cesc fabregas is included .     sergio aguero , santi cazorla , aaron cresswell and phil jagielka also in .     click here for all the latest premier league news .
in his final known video , adam gadahn called for governments of pakistan and saudi arabia to be overthrown .     he was raised in california and said he was of jewish ancestry .     he converted to islam in 1995 , left u.s. in 1998 and joined al qaeda , becoming a spokesman .
angelina santini from san diego , california , filmed her son marcus getting carried away in his bouncer one day .     the comical clip shows the youngster lurching back and forth with the device almost touching the floor .
jacques burger prepares for battle with racing metro in quarter-final clash .     at sarries the flanker is loved by his teammates every bit as much as he is loathed by opponents .     saracens director of rugby mark mccall described burger as ` unique among rugby players '     with a face left battered and bruised by years of punishment , burger is the man you want on your team .
a 19-year-old woman said a man had looked under her changing cubicle .     police issued cctv images from at aqua vale swimming pool in aylesbury .     new pictures thought to be connected to similar incident at the same pool .     on february 7 , two teenage girls were sexually assaulted in changing area .
average british worker sits through 6,239 meetings in their career .     60 per cent of the 2,000 surveyed say they find meetings ` pretty pointless '     one in five adults admit to catching forty winks during a work meeting .     70 per cent also confessed to constantly zoning out during sessions .
9 in 10 teens go online every day , unable to resist the lure of facebook .     parents also face a nightmare monitoring children as 71 % of teens use more than one social network , the pew research centre found .     nearly three-quarters of teens have or have access to a smartphone .
yaphank in long island was founded in part by the german american bund , a pro nazi group that flourished in the 1930s .     they established camp siegfried in 1935 as a place for like-minded aryans to drink beer , hold military demonstrations and learn about eugenics .     yaphank remains a town in long island , but gone are the roads once called adolf hitler street , goebbels and goering .
the cheeky cards were given by men to women in 19th century america .     some were romantic in tone , others more blunt - but they were always very polite .     many men would ask for the card back in return if they were rejected .
robert butler , 43 , transported inside a shipping container from bannister house in providence , rhode island , to eleanor slater hospital in cranston .     the complex operation on sunday took 7 hours and involved two local fire departments .     mr butler has had a decade-long battle with his weight and depression .
kristina patrick from alaska filmed her german shepherd pakak performing a very skillful trick .     footage shows the pup taking the ball from her mouth with her paws and holding it up high in the air to admire it .     she then carefully lowers it back down to the starting point .
ms flanders was ` secretly ' dating labour leader when he first met justine .     yesterday she confirmed story , tweeting : ` we `` dated '' fleetingly in 2004 '     miss flanders , 46 , accused the media of ` raking over ' mr miliband 's past .
ann price was the woman behind the ` ghetto burger , ' called best in america by the wall street journal in 2007 .     cause of death has yet to be released .     price 's signature creation was a double cheeseburger with bacon , grilled onions , ketchup , mustard and chili .
pair a floral skirt with a bold , pink sleeveless shirt and matching shoes .     accessorise a mondrian print dress with red accents .     brighten up monochrome stripes with a vibrant orange waistcoat .
sussex police poster features two young women taking a selfie .     the message urges female friends to ` stick together ' on a night out .     campaigners say police should be targeting potential rapists instead .     but police say they have an obligation to urge women to minimise risks .
sunday 's party marked the 150th anniversary of the end of the american civil war and was held in a rural brazilian town colonized by families fleeing reconstruction .     thousands turn out every year , including many who trace their ancestry back to the dozens of families who , enticed by the brazilian government 's offers of land grants , settled here from 1865 to around 1875 .     amid food and beer stands bedecked with red-white-and-blue ribbons , extended families tucked into diet-busting barbecue and hamburger lunches as ` dixie ' played on a loop .
barcelona set to travel to celta vigo for clash on sunday .     lionel messi set to return from foot injury for la liga match .     celta forward nolito urges former team-mate messi not to play .
battle between lenders has intensified recently , causing rates to plummet .     hsbc have now announced 1.99 % interest deal on a five-year fix mortgage .     offer expected to spark flood of rate cuts by banks and building societies .     experts have described cheapest deal ever of its kind as ` astonishing '
alejandro bouvier of uruguay filmed the moment another rider got scarily close to his watercraft one sunny day .
figures from the catholic church show more and more becoming nuns .     the number of women taking holy vows stood at just seven back in 2004 .     but that figure had risen to 15 in 2009 and increased further to 45 last year .     one father said a ` gap in the market for meaning ' led people toward religion .
lee cattermole returns from suspension for sunderland .     but black cats without injured defender wes brown through a knee injury .     knee surgery will see massadio haidara miss rest of the season .     steven taylor , paul dummett , cheick tiote and siem de jong also out for newcastle united ahead of wear-tyne derby .
manchester united take on manchester city on sunday .     match will begin at 4pm local time at united 's old trafford home .     police have no objections to kick-off being so late in the afternoon .     last late afternoon weekend kick-off in the manchester derby saw 34 fans arrested at wembley in 2011 fa cup semi-final .
1 pierrepont plaza also houses morgan stanley and the federal prosecutor 's office .     hillary 's campaign will occupy two full floors in the brooklyn heights neighborhood .     upscale hipster neighborhood includes urban outfitters , banana republic , shake shack and a private squash club .     ' i guess we can expect all the clinton campaign t-shirts to have ironic slogans , right ? ' said a gop senate staffer .     campaign has just 15 days to declare itself in the white house hunt after taking a formal step like committing to office space .
castleford tigers defeated hull kr 25-4 in the super league on april 11 .     australian winger justin carney dislocated his elbow during win .     james clare is expected to take carney 's place against widnes on sunday .
philippe coutinho was man of the match in liverpool 's win over blackburn .     alex baptiste was superb in defence for the hosts at ewood park .     daniel sturridge continued to show a lack of match sharpness .
prosecutor ray gricar has been missing for 10 years .     his laptop and hard drive were found too damaged to read .     gricar has been declared legally dead .
arsenal beat top four rivals liverpool 4-1 at the emirates on saturday .     hector bellerin , mesut ozil and alexis sanchez put hosts 3-0 ahead .     jordan henderson pulled one back for the visitors from the penalty spot .     arsenal striker olivier giroud completed the scoreline in injury time .     win moves arsenal into second - nine points ahead of the reds .
are these the ghostly disembodied boots of a samurai soldier ?     chatter online after mysterious image emerges of a little girl .     the photograph was taken in kanagawa prefecture , japan , last year .     a black pair of boots appear behind the small child .     however , there is no evidence of anyone else in other photos .     ' i know there are several very old samurai tombs ' nearby .     the photographer purportedly insists it has not been photoshopped .
johnita due : the anger and frustration i saw in 1980 miami is repeated in 2015 baltimore .     she says teaching the power of nonviolent protest is essential .
jack cordero , 14 , from portland , has won praise for his etiquette .     he was sick in a bookshop but handwrote staff there an apology .     the manager of the shop , jennifer wicka , said that the note made her day .     a picture of the letter went viral after it was uploaded to twitter .
scotland youth international jack cosgrove is joining edinburgh .     young worcester prop will move north of the border next season .     the 20-year-old expressed his delight in joining the european cup finalists .
edward mccaffery : there 's a fundamental unfairness to u.s. tax laws .     but americans do n't care because most of us get a refund on tax day , and that makes us happy .
craig and bonnie morgan are desperate to keep son craig at prep school .     from hastings in east sussex , they are sending him to battle abbey .     fees of # 4,000 mean selling their terraced house and trying crowd-funding .     claim ` academically gifted ' craig was n't being stretched at state primary .
travellers are increasingly ignoring hotels for ` homes away from home '     homestays , with and without hosts , are available for all budgets .     sites like homestay and airbnb are catering to this different style of travel .
reading scientists say chewing gum helps you forget a song .     in a study people were less likely to think about it when chewing .     and they were a third less likely to ` hear ' it when chewing gum .     results suggests same technique could stop other intrusive thoughts .
caroline wozniacki will compete at the french open , which begins may 25 .     danish star predicted she would play at roland garros when she was 11 .     former world no 1 also revealed a sneak preview of her adidas outfit .
millie marotta 's book , animal kingdom , features detailed line illustrations .     the # 3.99 book is currently # 1 on amazon 's top 100 books list .     the 36-year-old illustrator resides and works in tenby , wales .
around australia men and women flocked to play two-up after attending dawn and memorial services on anzac day .     the game dates back to australia 's goldfields and the first recorded games took place in the late 1790s .     two-up is illegal on all days apart from anzac day as it is considered a form of gambling .     versions vary between the original two-coined game and three-coined version .     pennies are placed on a paddle and are thrown into the air for people to bet on -lrb- ` heads ' or ` tails ' -rrb- .
geoff johnson and jennifer mcshea both grew up with a mother who compulsively hoarded things .     refrigerator did n't work , trash piled up , but nothing was fixed . it left them with deep-rooted feelings of shame .     two decades after they left , their mother died and the house was passed to them .     they have revisited and created a photo series , superimposing their children onto photos of the house to show the uneasy sight of youngsters growing up in that environment .
chelsea 's u19s side were crowned uefa youth league champions .     they defeated shakhtar dontsk 3-2 in the final on monday .     despite chelsea 's successful academy , very few graduate to the first-team .     izzy brown , dominic solanke and ruben loftus-cheek represent the best chance the club has of bucking the trend .
the self-proclaimed kidnapper behind ` gone girl abduction ' of denise huskins now says he will turn himself in to police .     he revealed this in an email to the san francisco chronicle , and said that his co-conspirators must be given immunity .     he then said if police did not agree to this deal , he would go teach english overseas or ` go off the grid '     huskins and her boyfriend aaron quinn have yet to make a public statement about the kidnapping .     huskins , 29 , was allegedly snatched from her home on march 23 , then released one day later 400 miles away in her childhood hometown .     her boyfriend quinn , 30 , was allegedly tied up and monitored by the kidnappers , which is why he could not go to police for 12 hours .
the viva las vegas rockabilly weekend is an annual four-day music festival that takes place over easter .     it also puts on north america 's biggest pre-1960 's era car show .     an estimated 20,000 attendees flock to the orleans hotel and casino for the event each year .
matt phillips gave qpr a seventh-minute lead in the crunch clash at villa park .     but that lead only lasted three minutes , with christian benteke equalising for the hosts .     benteke then added a second after 33 minutes to nudge villa ahead in the relegation scrap .     clint hill was the unlikely man to level the scores after the break for chris ramsey 's side .     charlie austin looked to have scored a late winner in an entertaining game on tuesday night .     but benteke completed his hat-trick to earn a share of the spoils on 83 minutes .
ellie grant , 22 , was appearing on the show to discuss her condition .     but in the middle of the pre-recorded interview , miss grant suddenly suffered a tic - and blurted out ` silver fox ' at phillip , 53 .     ` silver fox ' is the nickname of the father-of-two , who smiled , but looked bemused and slightly embarrassed at the remark .     amused viewers took to twitter to say how much they enjoyed the clip .
ivan novoseltsev proposed after his side 's win against torpedo moscow .     katerina keyru , who plays basketball for a living , said yes on the pitch .     novoseltsev 's fc rostov team-mates were on hand to congratulate him .     fc rostov have won four games in a row to move up to 10th in the table .
comments made by dr dejan stojkovic from the university of buffalo .     he says clues to contents lie in interactions between particles emitted .     quantum mechanics states that information is always conserved .     it backs up stephen hawking 's theory that black holes are ` grey '
courtney lawes has been derided as a thug across the channel .     france tried to get him banned for brutal tackle on jules plisson .     northampton take on clermont auvergne in the champions cup .
this is the final week of our major good health series on dementia .     we turn our attention to carers and what can be done to make life easier .     in england there are more than 670,000 unpaid carers helping someone .     we explain what to if they become anxious as the light starts to fade .     bed and getting-up times .     when to take medication .     meal times .     shopping days .     leisure time such as tv , radio or social times .     before you start talking always engage eye contact to help get the person with dementia to focus on you . there can be a tendency for them to look away and this makes it harder for them to concentrate on the conversation .     be careful about asking questions they may be unable to process . for example , if they 're upset do n't ask what 's wrong as they may not know , or are unable to put it into words . instead , tell them : ` you seem to be upset ; let 's think how we can make you feel better . '     finishing sentences for them can increase frustration . it 's better to ask if they 'd like you to find words for them if they 're having difficulty .     watch their body language as this can give you clues about how they are feeling . for example , repetitive movements can mean they are anxious or scared , while withdrawing may mean they feel overwhelmed .     if they 're doing something obviously wrong , for example putting dishes in the washing machine or clothes in a food cupboard , do n't ask them why or castigate them - the reasoning side of their brain has been affected and pointing out their mistakes will only cause them embarrassment and frustration .
maths problem set for 14-year-olds left people around the world baffled .     question uses logical reasoning to rule out all of the dates apart from one .     it was set in the singapore and asian schools maths olympiads -lrb- sasmo -rrb- .     teaser generated furious online debate - but correct answer was july 16 .
nauseating footage captured on phone and uploaded to youtube in the us .     teacher tries to give lesson by showing effect of an axe on a cinder block , but misjudges swing , bringing tool directly into fellow teacher 's groin .     the victim appears to be ok and stands up and dusts himself off moments after being hit .
cosmetic dermatologist to the stars fredric brandt was found dead at his coconut grove home in miami on sunday , aged 65 .     ripa tweeted : ` my heart is breaking for the loss of dr. fredric brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer '     on live with kelly & michael the 44-year-old said , ` he was a great man '
brenna happy cloud of salem , oregon , has accused facebook of discrimination after her account was suspended .     the native american woman has been forced to use a different surname in order to regain access to her list of over 1,000 online friends .     ` other people can use their nicknames , inappropriate names , but i ca n't use my real name , ' she said .     happy cloud believes her native american heritage has been undermined by facebook 's discriminatory policies .
sarah ivens , 39 , tries the ` furrow smoother ' , ` lip lift ' and ` nose transformer '     exercises prescribed by carole maggio , the la-based creator of facercise .     mother-of-two noticed her lips were fuller after two weeks of exercises .     experienced muscle burn and soreness during and after the moves .
former first lady told white house usher she wanted to see him alone .     new book makes claims she spent hours reading and looking ` heartbroken '     president bill clinton admitted to affair with monica lewinsky that year .     account is by former white house correspondent for bloomberg news .
recent patent filing shows plans for an ` upright ' sleeping support system .     encased in a backpack , the cushions allow the passenger to lean forward .     a breathing hole in the face pillow ensures extra customer comfort .     boeing says : ` we are n't providing any further information or comment '
the mistley thorn in essex is set in the heart of a historic coastal village .     built as a coaching inn circa 1723 , the hotel offers award-winning dining .     it has 11 bedrooms - four with panoramic views along the stour estuary .
ali maffucci , 28 , wanted to slim down for an upcoming photoshoot .     she replaced pasta , rice and potatoes with spiralized vegetables .     along with exercise , she managed to lose 11kg -lrb- 24lbs -rrb- in three months .     says spiralized food is ` delicious ' and she has more energy than before .
anna and indi have been surfing since they were about 10 weeks old .     their best result to date is a runners-up medal won by indi .     indi has been trained to lift her paw to ` hang five ' while surfing .
ronny deila criticised the playing surface at st mirren park on friday .     deila believes most clubs in division would benefit from artificial surfaces .     norwegian boss believes pitches need to be more like those in england .     feels his side should be judged on their performance on poor pitches .
h.m. prasetyo praises firing squad that carried out bali pair 's executions .     andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were killed on wednesday morning .     ` these executions were carried out smoothly and in order , ' prasetyo says .     hundreds take to social media to urging people to #boycottindonesia .     tony abbott will withdraw australia 's ambassador to indonesia .     indonesia 's ag dismissed the move as a ` momentary reaction '     chan and sukumaran were executed 12:25 am local time .     julie bishop has n't ruled out cutting australian aid to indonesia in protest .
cnn 's nima elbagir describes the boat journey from djbouti to aden .     vessel returned with 60 refugees desperate to flee fighting in yemen .
dr ros altmann will be announced as a new conservative peer today .     she will be appointed minister for consumer protection if tories win in may .     former treasury adviser will oversee the government 's pension reforms .
the april lunar eclipse is set to turn the moon into blood red this easter weekend .     the sydney observatory has been concerned over the bad weather forecast for the big night .     adelaide will be have the clearest skies out of all the states , according to the bureau of meteorology .     a lunar eclipse occurs when the moon passes in the shadow of earth .
the actress , 29 , says she had to pay out of pocket for her 2007 abortion because she could n't tell her mother .     jemima says she was only able to afford the procedure by forgoing anesthesia , which would have made it more expensive .     in the center for reproductive rights video , the star says she worries about the obstacles her young daughters may face in the future .
ernest hemingway credited for potent absinthe-champagne cocktail .     the zombie has three types of rum , pernod , grenadine and a secret mix .     bone dry martini is 100 per cent alcohol and also known as pass the bottle .
suchet , 71 , said his marriage to his bonnie had been ` made in heaven '     had been open about bonnie 's dementia and even wrote a book about it .     she died ` peacefully ' on april 15 , according to a notice in a newspaper .
actress said she hit the culture at a time that was worse than the 40s or 50s .     said revelations about celebrities from that era did not come as a surprise .     stars in new film , woman in gold , alongside ryan reynolds .
dion dublin has been signed up to present homes under the hammer .     former footballer made his presenting debut on monday morning .     45-year-old helped renovate three bedroom house in dartford .     dublin played for manchester united , coventry city and aston villa .
atletico madrid and real madrid draw 0-0 at vicente calderon .     jan oblak was excellent in goal for atletico to keep real at bay .     gareth bale had a huge chance to score an away goal for real .     raphael varane was real madrid 's best player in defence .     karim benzema 's struggles against atletico madrid continued .
95-year-old peter weber jr. is the oldest active pilot , according to guinness world records .     the record was confirmed after weber proved he piloted a plane march 30 in placerville by mailing in multiple pieces of evidence .     weber 's flight experience goes back decades : he flew in both world war ii and the vietnam war , and also served as korean war flight instructor .     he has been married to his wife since 1943 and has a 70-year-old son .
amina ali qassim 's family sought shelter in a mosque before fleeing yemen .     thousands like them are boarding boats to sail to djibouti .     saudi arabia has been pounding yemen in a bid to defeat houthi rebels .
beverley davis stole # 9,164 from ray warren , 89 , over three month period .     the mother-of-three paid for chinese food , a creche and her mortgage .     portsmouth crown court heard mr warren died after the cash disappeared .     davis , 35 , will be released on licence after serving six months in jail .
roseanne barr told the daily beast that she is slowly going blind .     barr said she has macular degeneration and glaucoma .
kendall , 19 , helps gigi learn how to deal with negative feedback .     gigi , 19 , says kendall has a really good sense of when to stand up .     kendall has been bullied on instagram by fellow models .
marine le pen accused father jean-marie of committing ` political suicide '     comes after he called france 's prime minister manuel valls ` the immigrant '     he also defended comment that nazi gas chambers were ` detail of history '     le pen said she would oppose her father 's bid to lead the national front .
a circus worker was seen walking a lion around a village like a dog .     the animal was seen being pulled by a makeshift leash in namtsy , siberia .     it savaged a nine-year-old girl in the village , on her way home from lessons .     girl is in hospital and the extent of her injuries from the attack not known .
joel wilkinson , 3 , has duchenne muscular dystrophy - a disease that will cause his muscles to slowly waste away , leaving him unable to walk .     he will eventually need a wheelchair and has a life expectancy of just 20 .     his sister phoebe , 5 , adores him and looks after him at home and school .     family are now trying to make his short life is as full of joy as possible .
doug hughes landed a gyrocopter on the us capitol lawn on wednesday .     charged with multiple offenses and is under house arrest until court date .     he spent two years planning stunt to protest campaign-finance laws .     will appear in court on may 8 and is facing up to four years in prison .     hughes thought he 'd make it after leaving gettysburg , pennsylvania .
kamron t. taylor was recently convicted of murdering nelson williams jr , 21 , in june 2013 .     victim 's father , nelson williams sr , 48 , says he is afraid taylor might ambush him .     he beat a guard unconscious , stole his keys and uniform , and fled in his suv .     taylor was awaiting sentencing at jerome combs detention center in kankakee , illinois , when he escaped early wednesday .     the 23-year-old fugitive is wanted for aggravated battery to a correctional officer as well as escape .     cash reward for any information has been increased to $ 7,500 .
floyd mayweather will fight manny pacquiao on may 2 at mgm grand .     tickets were officially sold for as much as $ 10,000 .     read : fans get their hands on mayweather vs pacquiao tickets .     mayweather vs pacquiao by numbers : from tickets to betting odds .     click here for the latest mayweather vs pacquiao news .
fiona fought off an intruder after finding him standing over her daughter .     she was alerted to the break in after she heard him cut the fly screen .     fiona pushed the man down the hallway and out her front door .     she bashed her head on the doorway , leaving her with a black eye .     police say there have been a spike in break in 's around como .     the unidentified man is still at large .
british monarchy 's 1,000-year history has seen 34 kings and just 6 queens on the throne .     victoria arbiter argues the royal family needs a baby girl to fill the female void of future generations .
experience wartime britain with an ice cream and a lindy hop .     or take part in one of the oldest competitive sporting events in the uk .     the brighton art festival will display the best of quirkiness .
shinto kanamara matsuri started as a small tradition but has grown into a popular tourist attraction .     known as the festival of the steel phallus , participants pray to a god of fertility and protection from infections .     rainy weather did n't ruin the mood at this year 's festival , which attracted a large crowd of holidaymakers .
ap mccoy claimed his first win of this year 's grand national on thursday .     his ride , jezki , won after ruby walsh 's arctic fire fell at final hurdle .     both walsh and arctic fire escaped without serious injury from the fall .     it is second time in month that walsh has fallen after annie power tumble .
anthony ray hinton goes free friday , decades after conviction for two murders .     court ordered new trial in 2014 , years after gun experts testified on his behalf .     prosecution moved to dismiss charges this year .
unison member said tired staff have ` detrimental effect on patient care '     jane smith likened longer working hours for nhs staff to ` slave labour '     called for more research to examine the impact on workers ' health .
haley mulholland still lives in bristol home with partner kevin .     mother-of-eight refuses to share bed with ex who is forced to sleep on sofa .     discovered facebook messages which revealed secret relationship .     went on jeremy kyle show where test revealed infidelity .     says while she does n't want him , she wo n't let another have him either .
worldwide , 42 million children under the age of 5 are overweight or obese .     british heart foundation survey shows two thirds of parents feel badgered by their children each week to buy junk food after seeing it advertised .     weight loss expert dr sally norton backed calls for ban on tv ads .     and criticised coca cola 's sponsorship of the london eye attraction .
alfie taken when burglars raided kirsty mitton 's home in west midlands .     later ran out in front of inspector 's car 112 miles away in gerrards cross .     he leapt inside after inspector opened door and his chip revealed identity .     owner says safe return of seven-year-old dog has left her ` over the moon '
sherrilyn ifill : police violence against unarmed african-americans is a national crisis .     u.s. policing needs dramatic overhaul , she says .
tiger woods put on another show of affection at augusta national .     the 14-time major champion was once infamous for his prickly nature .     but the former world no 1 appears to have turned over a new leaf .     woods was captured on camera dancing to music while practising .     click here for our 2015 masters betting tips and odds .
isis has seized control of large parts of the yarmouk palestinian refugee camp in syria .     an estimated 18,000 refugees are trapped between militant groups and regime forces .     u.n. : `` in the horror that is syria , the yarmouk refugee camp is the deepest circle of hell ''
jason lee , 38 , was arrested in august 2013 after a woman accused him of attacking her at the home he and his wife rented in east hampton .     lee invited the woman , her brother and friends back to the house after they met at trendy restaurant .     he allegedly forced his way into the bathroom while the girl was inside , then undressed and pinned her to the floor .     he was found by police allegedly hiding in a car with tinted windows in his driveway .     lee walked hand in hand into court with his wife for trial on wednesday .
several january signings have failed to impress in the premier league .     chelsea winger juan cuardrado has barely played since fiorentina move .     wilfried bony has scored one goal after leaving swansea for man city .     qpr tried to send mauro zarate back to west ham before he flopped .     callum mcmanaman has failed to show his wigan form at west brom .     benfica 's filip djuricic has struggled with injuries at southampton .
evan summerfield had just learned to laugh and giggle when he fell ill .     developed a large rash and was rushed to hospital with meningitis .     doctors battled to save the four-month-old but he died in hospital in devon .     death has left parents shannon and kris confused over how quickly he fell ill .
hospital gowns have gotten a face-lift with help from fashion designers such as diane von furstenberg .     what patients wear needs to be comfortable yet allow health professionals access during exams .     patient satisfaction is linked to the size of medicare payments hospitals get .
the ohio woman revealed on reddit that her unborn daughter 's dangerous condition would have left her unable to live outside the womb .     potential complications from the pregnancy put the anonymous mother 's life in danger .     she and her catholic husband had to get special approval for a doctor at catholic hospital to perform the procedure .     though she is still grieving over the loss of the child she named gwendolyn renee , she ` does n't regret ' her decision .
denise and glen higgs thought they 'd never have children .     he was made infertile due to cancer treatment , but they tried ivf .     couple from of braunton , devon , had mazy , born three years ago .     tried again using the same batch and had twins carter & carson last week .
sabrina schaeffer : tuesday is equal pay day , a fictitious holiday marked by progressive women .     she says the wage gap between men and women is grossly overstated .
candice swanepoel , elsa hosk and jasmine tookes promote underwear .     candice leads her fellow models through an energetic routine in the video .     models carry new victoria 's secret umbrellas , which shoppers can get free .
motiongate dubai will open in october , 2016 with themed zones .     guests can enjoy rides and gift shops based on the billion dollar franchise .     there will also be live performances based on step up movies .     the dubai theme park will be four million square foot in size .
tsa received more than 30,000 claims of missing valuables between 2010-2014 .     most of the missing valuables were packed in checked luggage .     miami-dade police set up hidden cameras as part of sting .
how does isis govern ?     robert downey jr. is n't the only celebrity to walk out of an interview .
espn reporter britt mchenry was filmed berating tow clerk gina michelle .     her car had been towed from a chinese diner in arlington , va , on april 6 .     enraged , she insulted mother-of-three michelle 's looks , education and job .     ` lose some weight , baby girl , ' mchenry told the worker in the video .     however , her blog tells women to ` be comfortable in their own skin '     mchenry apologized on thursday after security footage surfaced online .     advanced towing co insists there are no hard feelings towards mchenry .     footage released online is believed to have been edited by the tow firm .
man united beat man city 1-0 in saturday 's under 18 encounter .     callum gribbin scored the winning goal at moss lane , altrincham .     the result leaves united two points behind leaders middlesbrough .     the ` real ' manchester derby takes place at old trafford on sunday .
michelle obama strutted her stuff on the tv show thursday night .     the 51-year-old pulled embarrassing ` mom moves ' alongside fallon .     she was promoting her ` let 's move ! ' initiative .     obama will perform a dance routine during annual easter egg roll on april 5 .     tradition dates back to 1878 and sees local children visit white house .
parts of nsw are being hit with the worst weather in half a decade .     social media users have taken to snapchat to share their adventures .     some are boogie boarding down floodwaters after beaches were closed .     others decided to try their hand at windsurfing on a skateboard .
mchenry , 28 , berated single mother gina michelle for towing her car .     she insulted her looks and social status in footage that went viral .     espn suspended the sports reporter for a week amid investigation .     but despite thousands of calls for her to be fired , she returns this week .
pit crew member todd phillips was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana .     he was injuried when he was struck by the car of francesco dracone , who had come in on lap 25 for tires and fuel .     phillips received stitches for a cut on his leg and has been released .     dracone did not finish the race and wound up 23rd .
australian researchers have tested their drone running companion .     called joggobot it is designed to float in front of jogger when they run .     technology could allow it to track the speed and direction of the runner .     and it could be used for other sports like cycling and rowing .
pat ingles , 69 , from edinburgh , loves to wear high heels and party .     dresses up in risque outfits and heels and has pole dancing lessons .     cared for her husband before he died and is focusing on herself now .     her granddaughter , 20 , thinks her nana is ` cool '
the business mogul was speaking to dailymail.com ceo jon steinberg .     he insisted it 's time that colleges cut out expensive middle management .     with his wife suzy welch he is dedicated to changing business education .
jim jepps used site to describe paedophiles as ` complex human beings '     couple met in 2010 after she contacted him to complain about a blogpost .     defended ` rape fantasies ' and discussed teachers having affairs with pupils .     bennett distances herself from ` private individual not involved in politics '
british sprinter adam gemili blogs about his preparations for rio 2016 .     gemili says usain bolt is great at the circuit as he is often joking around .     admits bolt gives great advice and he will try to take that into this season .
george north knocked out after scoring against wasps on friday .     concussion was the wing 's third suffered in recent months .     north will sit out saturday 's champions cup clash on medical advice .     wasps no 8 nathan hughes been banned for three weeks for the incident .
the gargoyles , endless balconies and fountains can be yours to help carry on the eccentric torch of quirky indy celebrity jerry a. hostetler .     the current owner bought the home after hostetler 's 2006 death . he listed it for $ 2.2 m in february 2012 , $ 1.3 m in 2013 and now for less than a million .     the house is five garden-variety ranchers glued together to form a campus-o-fun complete with swimming pool , ballroom and guesthouse .
high temperatures are recorded on the northern tip of the antarctica peninsula .     the world meteorological organization will make the final determination .
cate mcgregor is a group captain in the royal australian air force .     she spent 40 years in the army , most of those under the name malcolm .     in 2012 , mcgregor stopped ` functioning ' as a man and lived as a woman .     she tried to resign from the office when her transformation became public .     her resignation was refused by former chief of army david morrison .     mcgregor believes mr abbott was n't given the credit he deserved for publicly embracing her and risking a wedge within his own party .     she addressed the national press club on wednesday as part of a women in media series .
what do funeral strippers , a quadruple rainbow and kylie jenner have in common ? they all trended this week !
family stay remarkably calm as birds fly around the room .     video maker says ` this is awful ' as they bounce off the walls .     he then contemplates how he is going to get rid of them .     the bizarre footage was recorded at the family home in texas .
eden hazard has been the best player in the premier league all season .     he has eked out wins for chelsea when they have not been at their best .     hazard finishing has steadily improved over the last 18 months .     the belgian star has scored 17 goals for the blues this season .     wayne rooney 's midfield role hindered his influence against chelsea .
bec and bridge showcase bikinis as part of spring/summer16 at mbfwa .     designers becky cooper and bridget yorston showcase swim line .     the collection featured metallics , jewel tones and signature boho charm .     jecinta campbell , carissa walford , rebecca judd all sat front row .
new tropical fruit to go on sale in the uk is cross between mango and plum .     the bouea macrophylla -- or mango plum - has been nicknamed the plango .     the fruit has a bright orange edible skin and a sweet taste and soft texture .
ap mccoy wins second feature race at grand national festival .     rides don cossack to victory in melling chase on friday .     set to ride favourite shutthefrontdoor at aintree on saturday .
the taxpayer-funded temporary assistance for needy families program , currently provides payments of up to $ 497 per month for a family of four .     the list of do n'ts , included by the republican-dominated kansas legislature in a bill that gop gov. sam brownback planned to sign thursday , runs to several dozen items .     the number of cash assistance recipients in kansas has dropped 63per cent since brownback took office , to about 14,700 in february .     brownback said the decline confirms the success of his policies , but critics note that u.s. census bureau figures show the state 's child poverty rate remaining at about 19per cent through 2013 .
yin yunfeng spent a week before returning to tibet cooking food .     the soldier filled the fridge with stir-fried dishes and 1,000 dumplings .     a variety of snacks have also been hidden in the house as daily surprises .     yin is stationed far from home and only gets to see his wife once a year .     the wife , named only as ms zhao , has been branded ` luckiest wife ' in china .
marleni olivo , 54 , hit venezuelan president nicolas maduro in the head with a mango .     in a national tv broadcast , maduro said he would grant her request for a new apartment .     she wanted to give him a note , she says , but had no paper , only a mango .
the depiction is so unflattering a facebook page called ` we love lucy ! get rid of this statue ' has attracted more than 600 likes .     it would cost an estimated $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 for the statue to be recast .     artist dave poulin has refused to comment on the controversy .
sources claimed he 'd go if lib dems are reduced to fewer than 30 mps .     but yesterday insisted he would fight for his job ` in all circumstances '     warned of ` very real risk we undo all the hard work over last five years '     vince cable hopes to be chancellor if lib dems form another coalition .
dimitri harrell , 21 , was arguing with samirria white , 19 , over his ` infidelity '     with three-month-old daughter in his arms , he apparently pulled out a gun .     he then shot his fiancée in the face at close range , killing her , officials said .     now , harrell has been charged with single count of second-degree murder .     he revealed to police he had stored the gun under his daughter 's mattress .     also claimed he shot victim accidentally while pulling weapon from pocket .     harrell caused ` trust issues ' after having two children with another woman .     in custody on $ 200,000 bail ; if convicted , faces up to 40 years behind bars .
a man is in a critical condition after a shark attack in south australia .     police said the man was attacked 350m offshore at fishery bay .     the man was rushed to hospital with life-threatening injuries .     the attack happened shortly before 10am on saturday .     witnesses claimed a great white shark has bitten off the man 's leg .     the shark victim has been airlifted to adelaide for further treatment .     south australia has been the site of numerous shark attacks .
when sonia morales was pregnant , her daughter angela was diagnosed with anencephaly .     it is a birth defect in which babies are born without parts of their brain and skull - many newborns with the condition die soon after birth .     angela celebrated her first birthday on march 23 .     the family are celebrating every day they have with angela .
knight appeared at the cleveland rape crisis center 's faces of change luncheon on wednesday .     she received a standing ovation as the spoke to a crowd of 1,200 .     ' i want to overcome and flourish and rise above all that , ' she said of ordeal .     afterwards she revealed she is in a relationship and writing a second book .
spoiler alert : maid gives birth to baby on sunday 's episode .     only announced she was pregnant with poldark 's baby last week .
app created to remove posts that might cause problems with employers .     users can search for keywords such as ` gay ' , ` black ' or swear words and the software deletes any tweet that mentions them .     creator ethan czahor was fired from his job due to offensive tweets .     and he said he hopes ` clear ' app will ensure others do n't suffer same fate .
sepp blatter visited sochi on monday to see one of the 2018 host venues .     the fifa president also met with russia president vladimir putin .     blatter backed russia to host a successful tournament in 2018 .
four manchester city stars pull on the gloves for spring derby showdown .     no manchester united players chose to take such drastic measures .     united defeated city 4-2 at old trafford despite going a goal down early on .
steven pienaar has been dogged by groin and knee injuries this season .     the 33-year-old midfielder has made just 11 appearances this term .     pienaar made his comeback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city .     but muscle fatigue ruled him out of the win over burnley last weekend .
surveyors did not check for damage or casualties overnight due to bad weather .     the national weather service sent tweets warning of a large tornado .     a resident snapped a photo of what could be a very large tornado .
shannen hussein lives on a farm in rockbank , north-west of melbourne .     she has cats , dogs , birds , sheep , snakes , scorpions and many more pets .     the 21-year-old 's animals shot to fame when one of her vines went viral .     it was shared by celebrities like taylor swift and ellen degeneres .
peter moskos : when man died in police custody , many unfairly blamed all baltimore cops . but cops are in a no-win situation .     he says those who trashed city are part of larger societal woes of poverty and class . in just blaming cops , we ignore source of strife .
charlotte roach was nearly killed in a horrific car accident in 2010 .     for lent she decided to dress in fancy dress to raise money for charity .     charlotte 's business partner rosemary pringle did the challenge too .     the pair wanted to raise money for the air ambulance service .
mike lane was beaten by masked protesters armed with iron bars on ropes .     attack happened as 30 riders and hounds were chasing artificial scent .     wiltshire police handed video footage and some names of saboteurs .     decision by police to drop probe branded ` pathetic ' by 40-year-old .
bbc radio derby broadcaster died in hospice at 7.05 am yesterday morning .     touched thousands of listeners with openness as he battled skin cancer .     heartbroken colleagues and stars have paid tribute to talented broadcaster .     name chanted at derby county 's match at millwall and shrewsbury town players wore t-shirts with his name as they gained promotion yesterday .
jules bianchi severely injured his head in japanese grand prix crash .     his father said he is still in a coma but his condition is stable .     philippe bianchi also spoke of the pain his family have gone through .
globe trotting couple do n't always opt for super exclusive design hotels .     despite their millions brangelina often stay in affordable accommodation .     list includes hilton , park hyatt , intercontinental and hard rock hotels .
ian poulter dressed all in purple for the final round at augusta .     the englishman finished tied for sixth on nine under par .     prize money for this year 's masters was $ 10m , a 10 per cent increase .     phil mickelson dressed all in black for his pursuit of a fourth green jacket .     rory mcilroy and tiger woods paired for final major round for first time .
leanne mitchell has been dropped by her label and sings at a holiday camp .     andrea begley and jermain jackman are yet to become household names .     will 2015 winner stevie become a chart success or another voice flop ?
kevin franklin left his 80-year-old victim without any money to buy milk .     meanwhile fraudster funded dream alps wedding with eight-years of thefts .     franklin said he needed money for failing business and after family deaths .     when he was arrested the fraudster had told police : ' i played him '     jailed for nearly five years despite franklin saying he 's ` terrified ' of prison .
katie gallegos from clackamas county , oregon , decided to take the pooch to a mcdonald 's drive-thru for an ice cream with his pal daisy .     but while the small female pup takes a few ladylike licks , cooper gobbles the rest of the cone up in one bite .     gallegos says ice cream is a weekly treat for her pets .
porto set a new standard as fans were draped in blue and white in midweek .     gary neville and jamie carragher are often a better watch than the match .     nico rosberg and lewis hamilton 's rivalry lacks personality .     alastair cook probably should n't have gone to graham gooch for tips .
unidentified man is captured in video claiming to be army infantryman .     he 's confronted by a young man who asks a series of questions including where he did basic training and why he 's not wearing a name badge .     the man says he did basic training in north carolina but the young man says infantry training is conducted in fort benning , georgia not miami .     eric coins , who posted the video , says the guy wore the uniform ` to pick up girls and get sympathy drinks '
iona costello , 51 , and her daughter emily , 14 , missing since late march .     pair from posh suburb of greenpoint , long island , often went to shows .     video shows them with suitcases , but relatives are worried after daughter began missing school .     mother told workers at her horse farm that she 'd be ` back on tuesday '
chelsea will be without top scorer diego costa for at least two games .     the # 32m striker suffered recurrence of hamstring injury against stoke .     loic remy and eden hazard scored in 2-1 victory at stamford bridge .
new york city fc 's patchy start to the season continued .     mehdi ballouchy put the home side ahead but cj sapong levelled late on .     city have won just one of their opening six matches in mls .     david villa was forced off at half time with a hamstring strain .
eugenie bouchard refused to shake hands with rival alexandra dulgheru .     controversy sparked a dreadful few days for last year 's wimbledon finalist .     bouchard suffered two humiliating defeats in front of her hometown crowd .
the disturbing video was uploaded last week by raymond yeung .     the description claims it was captured in china 's shenzhen reservoir .     the video has sparked online debates over the species of the creature .     some have claimed the hairless animal is a mythical ` water monster '     others believe it is a malaysian bear suffering from a skin disease .
mary queen of scots washed herself in white wine .     ancient indian women used cow dung and urine to boost their beauty .     cleopatra bathed in donkey-milk to achieve smooth skin .
tanka maya sitoula was at home in kathmandu , nepal , when deadly quake struck .     she was trapped inside the ruins of her wrecked home for 36 hours .
p!nk took to twitter to address online comments about her body .     her `` squishiness '' is a result of happiness , she says .
obama and raul , fidel castro 's brother , shook hands on friday .     white house says the two are due a ` substantive ' conversation today .     they met at the summit of the americas in panama alongside other leaders .     us ` is close to removing cuba from list of terrorist sponsor states '     move would automatically lift some economic sanctions on island nation .     the pair had shaken hands before at the funeral of nelson mandela in 2013 .     they will meet again today and discuss further thawing u.s.-cuba relations .     colombian president juan manuel santos hailed obama 's push to improve relations with cuba , saying it healed a ` blister ' that was hurting the region .
jonathan pitre has deep blistering wounds all over his body that wo n't heal .     his condition , epidermolysis bullosa , has a life expectancy of 25 years .     every day screams in pain as his mother bathes and bandages him .     he loved sports but ca n't play any more , now trying out sportscasting .     for more about jonathan and his condition , visit the website of charity debra .
as california struggles with a devastating drought , huge amounts of water are mysteriously vanishing from the sacramento-san joaquin delta .     the prime suspects are farmers whose families have tilled fertile soil there for generations .     delta farmers say they 're not stealing it because their history of living at the water 's edge gives them that right .     california 's water rights system has historically given senior water rights holders the ability to use as much water as they need , even in drought .     gov. jerry brown has said that if drought continues this system built into california 's legal framework could be changed .
the billboard erected in kenosha , wisconsin , features the smiling face of officer pablo torres after he shot dead aaron siler , 26 , last month .     torres is currently on leave while an investigation is being held into the deadly shooting .     siler 's family and friends have called the billboard ` disrespectful ' and are asking for it be taken down .     the kenosha professional police association claims the billboard is simply to thank the local community for its support .     torres shot another men 10 days before siler killing .
auckland coastguards received unusual call out to a homemade boat race .     the race saw 15 ` boats ' including a floating subaru car and couch on tyres .     one vessel capsized outside of the harbour , however no one was injured .     hibiscus coastguards posted their delight at everyone wearing life jackets .
stephanie fragoso cited wednesday after she was stopped in las vegas .     nevada highway patrol cop said she was applying makeup while driving .     distracted driving fines range from $ 50 for the first offense up to $ 250 .     higher enforcement as state hopes to have zero driving fatalities in 2015 .
rory mcilroy was a guest at a nike-sponsored junior event in the us .     world no 1 agreed to arm-wrestle 17-year-old player brad dalke .     teen dalke demolished mcilroy , who admitted he had ` no chance '     dalke verbally agreed to join oklahoma university when he was 12 .
iona costello , 51 , and her daughter emily , 14 , missing since late march .     pair from posh suburb of greenport , long island , often went to shows .     video shows them with suitcases , but relatives began to worry after daughter began missing school .     mother told workers at her horse farm that she 'd be ` back on tuesday '     relative said that mrs costello had been ` under a lot of stress ' during the legal battle over her husband 's estate .
susie clark , of evening shade , arkansas , found the diamond on thursday at crater of diamonds state park .     the 3.69-carat gem is teardrop-shaped about the size of a pinto bean .     park interpreter said it 's the largest of the 122 diamonds found this year .
new england patriots no 81 is starting whole life term for murder of odin lloyd - and will now go by his prison number .     he is being moved from the state prison at cedar junction to the souza-baranowski maximum security facility today where he 's on suicide watch .     man who knew hernandez well reveals how he smoked marijuana mixed with ` angel dust ' - the dangerous illegal substance pcp .     addictive substance is known to lead to violent mood swings .     hernandez is still facing another double murder trial .
callum wilson opened the scoring for bournemouth in the fourth minute .     it was wilson 's 22nd goal of the season for the cherries .     bournemouth are ahead of norwich at the top of the table by one point .
many smartphones - including apple 's iphone - come with an fm chip installed but many are not switched on by the manufacturers .     bbc and other broadcasters are pushing to have radio capability turned on .     they say it would allow users to listen to broadcasts without data charges .     it could also prove a vital way of getting information during emergencies .
funeral strippers in rural china are the latest focus of the country 's crackdown on vice .     in some areas of china , the hiring of professional mourners is commonplace , but some performances are getting racy .     government report says that stripteases undermine `` the cultural value of the entertainment business ''
shooter identified as kenneth stancil who was once a student at college .     he ` carried a long gun ' and ` fired one shot ' that killed worker rodney lane .     wayne community college in goldsboro was on lockdown just before 9am .     college campus was systematically evacuated as swat teams arrived .     the college is one hour away from raleigh and has 3,900 students .
jackie ward witnessed the family of four have racial slur shouted at them while they were out for the day on friday .     shay stewart-bouley , who is black and runs a blog called black girl in maine , was with her white husband and their daughter , 9 , and son , 23 .     car of unidentified white males drove past as one shouted ` hey n ***** s ! '     ward said she shared the story to remind people to be kinder to each other .
lewis ferguson fell from merrion square at wincanton on wednesday .     despite spectacular tumble he escaped with just a cut nose .     ferguson has been mucking out stables as usual on thursday morning .     the 18-year-old says incident that went viral was ` just a blur ' to him .
biologists at the hebrew university of jerusalem in israel used high speed videos of octopuses crawling over objects to study how the animals move .     rather than pulling themselves along they use their legs to push instead .     they can move in one direction while their bodies face a different direction .     the findings could help scientists develop new types of rescue robots .
a court allowed a wife to serve divorce papers via facebook .     danny cevallos : why not let people be found via social media ?
tonya stack , wife of mike stack , allegedly hurled drink at fundraiser .     kevin boyle , who sits in pa house of representatives , says he was hit with obscene gesture , called it ` trashy ' , then got covered in sticky drink .     event was held in honor of michael strange , who died in afghanistan .     boyle and stack , both democrats , have been in political power struggles .     backed separate candidates for seats in house legislature .
roma win at home for the first time since november .     miralem pjanic completes a counter-attack to put hosts ahead .     morgan de sanctis produces stunning goalkeeping display .     napoli without a win for five matches after terrible run .
iranian president says a nuclear deal would remove a major obstacle for business .     `` we can cooperate with the world , '' president hassan rouhani insists .     he says , `` we do not lie , '' and iran will abide by its promises on nuclear deal .
' i did n't do anything wrong , but they still got rid of me , ' rose mcgrath , 12 , of battle creek , michigan said tearfully of her dismissal .     st. joseph 's middle school sent a letter to rose mcgrath dismissing her from the school for low attendance and poor academic performance .     rose mcgrath was diagnosed with luekemia in 2012 and even though she just finished her treatment she still feels ill a lot of the time .     ` when i 'm at home , i 'm sick , i do n't feel well ; no one else does that . but when i 'm at school i 'm like everyone else , ' rose mcgrath said .
gina maria schumacher took part in an event in the german town of kreuth .     she appeared at the 2015 nrha european futurity horse show yesterday .     rode several different horses and wore a variety of cowboy-style outfits .     her father michael remains under the care of medics at his home on lake geneva following a catastrophic ski accident in the swiss alps in 2013 .
danny nickerson was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor in 2013 .     he received more than 150,000 birthday cards and packages after requesting a ` box of cards ' for his birthday last july .     his mother , carley nickerson , shared the news of his passing on friday .     nickerson fought through 33 radiation treatments and two clinical trials which consisted of chemotherapy during his battle with dipg .
duo started out by making versions of famous vehicles they loved .     celebrities and wealthy film fans are flocking to buy the pair 's creations .     the fleet includes a transformers-style truck and ` tron ' motorbike .
padraig harrington had fallen out of top 300 before winning honda classic .     irishman returns to the masters after failing to qualify last year .     the three times major winner tips dustin johnson to challenge rory mcilroy at augusta .
pc luke stanwick , 30 , is fighting for his life in a medically-induced coma .     he has been left paralysed after breaking his neck on holiday in portugal .     his father said he may be permanently disabled after ` horrendous ' accident .     colleagues at sussex police have rallied together to raise more than # 8,030 .
bruce started hormone therapy and had plastic surgery to look more feminine in the late 1980s .     he was inspired by the story of transgender tennis player renee richards who was born a man and in 1976 won the right to compete as a woman .     olympic decathlete reveals he halted the gender transition process after meeting kris kardashian in late 1990 .     bruce and kris married in april 1991 and had two daughters before their divorce last december .
queensland woman roxy walsh found an inscribed gold ring in bali .     the sentimental jewellery piece was found at a bali resort on tuesday .     she launched a campaign to return the ring to the people who own it .     the campaign made it 's way to brazil , chile , europe , russia and malta .     ms walsh found the owners and they are amazingly also from queensland .     she met with joe and jenny langley in noosa on sunday to return the ring .
roland giroux captured his relationship with his fish on camera .     the blood parrot cichlid swims in circles and waits in man 's hand .     the man then begins massaging and stroking its body with his finger .     mr giroux claims the fish becomes frustrated if not stroked each day .
death toll rises to more than 6,100 .     pemba tamang , 15 , shows no apparent signs of serious injury after rescue .     u.s. special forces helicopter 30 , including 3 americans , to safety .
jesper blomqvist was part of manchester united 's treble winning side .     the midfielder rejected sir alex feruguson 's first approach before signing .     the swede spent two years out injured before moving to everton .     blomqvist now lectures with his brother to help people handle setbacks .     the 41-year-old is playing for united 's legends against bayern munich 's at old trafford on june 14 in a charity match for the club foundation .     click here for all the latest manchester united news .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt quit as bayern munich doctor this week .     the 72-year-old had worked at the bundesliga club for nearly 40 years .     he said the medical department had been blamed for porto defeat .     pep guardiola has denied there was a dispute and has taken responsibility for bayern munich 's champions league loss .
latest group of migrants rescued from mediterranean includes 59 children .     picked up off italian coast as families make desperate bid to reach europe .     comes days after 900 men , women and children died in capsize disaster .
janner sent the card to detective after learning he would not be charged .     christmas card even invited retired kelvyn ashby to dinner at parliament .     former policeman said he was appalled by the labour peer 's note .     officer says superiors forced him to drop inquiries into alleged sex abuse .     four medical experts who examined the peer did not all agree on the nature and extent of his dementia , as outlined by mrs saunders ; .     janner 's own barrister was surprised he escaped charges in 1991 , and suspected attempts to influence the prosecutors ' decision ; .     the director of public prosecutions in charge at the time said he could not even remember seeing the politician 's file .
karim benzema has set his side target of reaching champions league final .     the frenchman insists real will ` give their all to be there at the end '     james rodriguez is happy to be plying his trade under carlo ancelotti .     real madrid face atletico madrid at the vicente calderon on tuesday .     read : see where cristiano ronaldo and co unwind after training .
stephen ward in contention for burnley after overcoming ankle injury .     matt taylor close to return having been out since august .     tottenham hotspur without goalkeeper hugo lloris through knee injury .     danny rose and roberto soldado also fitness concerns for spurs .
snooker 's most dramatic final gripped 18.5 million viewers in 1985 .     steve davis had an 8-0 advantage when he missed a green ball .     dennis taylor fought back heroically and eventually won the final 18-17 .
study was conducted by national evolutionary synthesis centre , durham .     it suggests that societies with less access to food and water are more likely to believe in all-powerful , moralistic deities .     research also uncovered link between a belief in high gods who enforce a moral code and a strong social hierarchy .
alastair cook and jonathan trott have both struggled with the bat .     trott looked nervous while his movement was erratic .     cook has n't scored an international century in two years .
to honour the warm weather , mailonline travel has compiled a list of the world 's must-visit springtime destinations .     in the netherlands , the country 's famed keukenhof gardens are open only from march 20 through may 17 .     head to kanazawa , japan , to take in the cherry tree blossoms , which traditionally bloom in the first half of april .     in nearby northumberland , vibrant red poppies light up the area 's rolling hills from late spring to early summer .
there has been a rise in ` sharenting ' - sharing photos of children online .     the trend could be dangerous for your child in the long run .     who is really looking at your photos and how far do they reach online ?     people who do n't turn off location settings are leaving kids vulnerable .     an australian woman received a scathing letter over posting baby photos .
edda goering , 76 , petitioned bavarian parliament to return father 's legacy .     in 1960s she also tried to have painting looted by her father returned to her .     today she refuses to criticise the military leader , calling him a ` loving man '     goering was deputy to hitler and was the nazi regime 's greatest art thief .
dr alex zhavoronkov , an anti-ageing expert , is confident he can live to 150 .     scientist believes he can slow the ageing process by altering his lifestyle .     that includes shunning marriage and children , while using supplements .     current uk life expectancy is 78.8 years for boys and 82.8 years for girls .
the fight broke out at store in the city 's rittenhouse square neighborhood .     it went on for several minutes while witnesses both watched and filmed .     the police were called but all the women had departed by time they arrived .     an investigation is ongoing and the cause of the fight remains unclear .
official : girl , 15 , `` expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called isis ''     authorities detain girl at cape town airport , release her into family 's care , he says .
chelsea scored late winner to beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road on sunday .     cesc fabregas scored with chelsea 's only shot on target .     chelsea move seven points clear at the top of the premier league .     queens park rangers remain in the relegation zone by two points .
in the first recording , an unidentified officer talks to slager about what might happen .     the second audio captures a phone call between slager and someone cnn believes is his wife .
alexis sanchez has starred for barcelona and arsenal since udinese days .     former boss pasquale marino has tipped the frontman for greatness .     marino says benching sanchez was ` like taking a toy from a child '     sanchez could play three games a day , according to marino .
epiphany morgan and carl mason produced 365 documentaries in a year .     the sydney couple travelled to 35 countries on a $ 40 per day budget .     they released one ` docobite ' each day of people they met while travelling .     the pair said they learnt how to focus on what humans have in common .
applicants must measure 5ft 6in and have a 25 1/2 in waist .     casting request gives the star 's head and wrist circumferences .     hopefuls must n't have tattoos or body piercings and may have to cut hair .     previous adverts have featured keira knightley and claudia schiffer .
amelia-jane harris was 27st 10lbs at 17 and was called ` fatty bum bum '     she began losing weight rapidly and was diagnosed with crohn 's disease .     lost 18 stone in 20 months and became a slim size 6 weighing 8st 9lbs .     says her dream body is a ` nightmare ' as is in constant pain and ca n't eat .
richard lapointe , a former dishwasher , confessed to raping and stabbing 88-year-old bernice martin at her manchester apartment in 1989 .     he was sentenced in 1992 to life in prison without parole .     lapointe 's supporters said evidence showed he could not have committed the crimes and his disability made him vulnerable to a false confession .     last month a court ruled lapointe was deprived of a fair trial and on friday , a judge ordered him to be freed on $ 25,000 cash bail .
there are eight teams in contention for promotion to the premier league .     every side involved will be targeting wins from their remaining games .     prize money for promotion could come in at # 120 million .
scientists at haverford college in pennsylvania made the finding .     they spotted x-ray emissions consistent with thousands of white dwarfs .     these are stars left behind after larger ones use up their fuel .     but why thousands of these stars are there remains a mystery .
ricky ricardo chiles iii was suspected in the shooting deaths of two people .     police say the chain of events started sunday when a 2-year-old dashed out in front a vehicle and was killed .     the driver of the vehicle and the boy 's older brother died from gunshots .
chris byrnarsky was shot and killed in his custom detail shop in 2006 .     his friend finished the bumper brynarsky was working on and wrote an inscription on the inside of it before putting it back on the car .     brynarsky 's father john was working on a car in his body shop when he removed the bumper and found a message dedicated to his fallen son .
waters in a huge area of the pacific are running 5.5 degrees warmer than normal .     marine life that likes cooler water has moved and others that like warm seas are seen in new places .     `` the blob '' might be having an effect on rain and snow -- and the west coast drought .
zachariah fike head of vermont-based purple hearts reunited , says the military id belonged to world war ii veteran cpl. william benn .     benn lost them in 1939 at a coastal artillery placement on salisbury beach .     discovered last year by metal detector enthusiast following a storm .
wood green animal charity is lending householders cats from their shelter .     they say the presence of cats and their lingering scent scare rodents away .     home owners can foster a cat using cleaning and diy service app handy .
cristiano ronaldo bagged five goals in 9-1 victory against granada .     karim benzema scored twice for carlo ancelotti 's real madrid side .     benzema believes ronaldo ` deserves everything he has achieved '
the items were originally given to a historian who opposed the camps , cnn affiliate reports .     auctioneer hoped they would be bought by museum or someone who would donate them for historical appreciation .     japanese-americans were furious about items from family members , others being sold .
timberlake and biel welcome son silas randall timberlake .     the couple announced the pregnancy in january .
conor mcgregor shared a picture of his new tiger tattoo on his stomach .     the 26-year-old mcgregor is set to challenge jose aldo on july 11 .     mcgregor grabbed aldo 's featherweight champion belt in dublin .     click here for all the latest ufc news .
jenson button and fernando alonso both retired in malaysia last month .     button says , however , that mclaren are moving in the right direction .     the chinese grand prix takes place in shanghai this weekend .
manchester united 4-2 manchester city : click here for the match report .     louis van gaal is in with a shout of winning manager of the year .     chelsea 's jose mourinho and southampton 's ronald koeman are too .     sean dyche could be in if he saves burnley from relegation .     adrian durham : man city must think big or forever remain small .
county championship 2015 season to begin on sunday .     yorkshire looking to defend their division one title .     mark butcher backs sussex to win division one this year .     kevin pietersen and surrey will be focus of attention in division two .
paula radcliffe finished in 2:36.55 but said the time did n't matter .     the world record holder began at the front of the mass start .     she had barely run since february due to an achilles injury .     radcliffe was the 199th woman to finish the race on sunday .     she was first to receive the race 's lifetime achievement award .     earlier in the day ethiopian tigist tufa won the women 's elite race .     eliud kipchoge won the men 's race in a kenyan top three .
after decades of campaign the women 's crews are to make history .     boat race set to take place on the river thames next saturday .
south african troops help police conduct raids in jeppestown .     defense minister says police are spread too thin trying to prevent attacks on immigrants .     seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants .
once a super typhoon , maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds .     it could still cause flooding , landslides and other problems in the philippines .
boko haram has killed thousands in the nation 's northeast since 2009 .     aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water , shelter , food and education .
khloe kardashian posted a photo to instagram during monday night 's riots that said : ` pray for baltimore '     despite getting over 400,000 likes , the post drew criticism that she was insincere and unable to relate to the issues due to her privileged background .     other critics felt she should focus her prayers elsewhere , such as the victims of the nepal earthquake .     just 30 minutes later she tweeted that she was : ` damned if i do . damned if i do n't ' , and asked : ` now it 's wrong to pray ? '     the instagram post has since been deleted .     protests about the unexplained death of freddie gray have now spread to six american cities .
ryan bertrand was fifth left back to be called up by england last month .     bertrand only included after injuries to leighton baines , luke shaw and danny rose .     he replaced kieran gibbs in second half away in italy .     bertrand belives he should be higher up the england pecking order .
michael vaughan in the frame to replace paul downton .     former england captain has a chequered past with peter moores .     moores insists there are no personal issues between he and vaughan .     downton was sacked as managing director of england cricket .
perth 's joyce tabram was admitted to fiona stanley hospital on march 30 .     she spent five days not eating because doctors told her to fast for testing .     ms tabram , 82 , had a swollen abdomen but was not tested up until april 3 .     she asked to be discharged and is expected to be tested later this week .     the frail , elderly woman has called on the hospital to be closed down .     but wa 's health minister said hospital doctors had acted appropriately .
fans on the georgia course have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital or their old 35mm cameras .     fans will have to put them back on the shelves when the action starts for real on thursday at the masters .
a trip to the town of gorkha shows the human toll of the earthquake .     international teams are assisting nepalese medical staff , officials .
roads out of kathmandu are damaged but passable .     even close to the capital , aid is taking forever to trickle through .     east of the city , the village of ravi opi counts the cost of devastation .
ed miliband will announce that he has ` clear , credible plan ' on immigration .     but yvette cooper refused to say labour would put target on net migration .     shadow home secretary only said she wanted it lower than current 300,000 .     during labour 's 13 years in power , foreign-born population rose by 3.6 m .
journalist sarah ivens , 39 , tells of her struggle to get pregnant aged 34 .     the mother-of-two tried for years before having a child .     she believes women need to be more aware of the difficulty of conceiving .
two of cournswood house 's owners had bletchley park connections .     first was naval cryptographer and enigma codebreaker dillwyn knox .     sharon constancon is related to leon family who once owned bletchley .     cournswood house , in south buckinghamshire , has pool , lakes and gym .
shannah kennedy and lyndall mitchell are ` thelma and louise of wellness '     the pair have decades of life coaching and retreat experience .     run a course called the masterclass of wellness : the boardroom retreat .     teach mindfulness to ceos and executives across australia .     clients include nab , macquarie bank , sportsgirl , pwc and kikki.k .     skills taught include dealing with stress , and accumulative mindfulness .
ivan rakitic celebrated st george 's day with his wife and daughter .     the barcelona midfielder played the whole game in tuesday 's psg win .     barcelona lead la liga by two points and are in champions league semis .     click here for sportsmail 's lowdown on the champions league final four .     who will win the champions league ? our reporters have their say ...
hand-written cardboard signs appear on lampposts in milford , surrey .     mystery surrounds who created then and the reason behind the gesture .     signs asked the intended recipient to ` forgive me ' and recall their first date .     others contained declarations of love and said ` i 've never been happier '
randy johnston , 68 , from dallas , texas , decided to leave two ` fake feces ' on his granddaughters ' beds .     his son then went about filming the moment of discovery .     but footage shows that the prank turned out to be decidedly disastrous , with randy 's six-year-old granddaughter porter crying in horror .     randy , an attorney , told daily mail online that he staged the prank in revenge for one his granddaughters pulled on him earlier in the day .
during exchanges with marr , chancellor repeatedly ducked questions .     mr osborne only said it would come from conservatives ' ` balanced plan '     labour deputy leader harriet harman said the promise was ` illusory '
b.b king is now out of the hospital and back at home .     bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a 2014 show in chicago .     b.b. is short for blues boy , part of the name he used as a memphis disc jockey .
ryuichi kiyonari bettered the donington park lap record on sunday .     japanese rider powered in a scorching time of one minute 29.455 seconds .     shane bryne finished less than a quarter of a second downÂ .
miller : the former secretary of state has to decide whether she 's going to differ with barack obama 's handling of foreign policy .     he says her experience overseas could be an asset as long as she does n't get ensnared by controversy over obama policies .
moviegoers are tearing up during the emotional ending of `` furious 7 ''     the movie 's end is a tribute of sorts to actor paul walker , who died during filming .
new app , honest , allows users to pose questions and remain anonymous .     users can post questions they 're too embarrassed to discuss with friends .     questions cover sexual dysfunction , secret crushes and family dilemmas .     other users weigh in with their advice about how to handle sensitive issue .
linsey starred in season 12 of the show , which was filmed in chicago .     she was kicked off in the second episode after getting into a fight with contestant jada cacchilli and a cameraman .     no details or cause of death have been released .     jada tweeted a tribute to her former castmate , saying ` we may not have been friends but we shared an experience most will never have '
democrat campaigners jared milrad and nate johnson , from chicago , illinois , had their summer wedding plans featured on clinton 's video .     the couple will get married in a chicago park bordering lake michigan then have their reception at a local lgbt community center .     both plan to donate financially to clinton 's presidential campaign fund .
stephanie scott 's grieving father has spoken out about their pain .     he says it is difficult to be surrounded by reminders of her wedding whilst cruelly planning for a funeral .     leeton parents say their children are devastated by teacher 's murder .     police discovered a body in nearby bushland on friday afternoon .     an autopsy will now be conducted to determine the cause of death .     police will contact authorities in holland for a background check on accused killer , vincent stanford , who was charged with murder .
australian prime minister skols a beer with celebrating football players .     video shows tony abbott drinking the beer in six seconds .     the prime minister has been criticised by anti-drinking campaigners .     they say the prime minister should n't be glorifying binge drinking .     ` it sets up a culture that drinking is n't about socialising with friends , it 's about how quickly and how much you can drink . '     criticism also levelled at media and officials who made light of the event .
bolton-based direct assist has gone into liquidation after receiving the fine .     more than 800 concerns registered about the company in just 18 months .     firm plagued households offering people access to solicitors for claims .
hackett 's father said son 's life was threatened by ` associate of criminals '     the threats , made two years ago , were not reported to police .     instead , neville hackett said his son turned to stilnox sleeping pills .     it comes almost a week after hackett made his comeback by earning a spot in the 2015 world titles relay team .
chelsea 's under 19 side are hoping to become second team to win final .     holders barcelona won the inaugural version of the youth competition .     dominic solanke , izzy brown and ruben loftus-cheek are all likely to start .     click here for all the latest chelsea news .
manchester united beat manchester city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday .     ashley young , marouane fellaini , juan mata and chris smalling scored .     not many would have expected them to be key men for louis van gaal .     james ward-prowse can reach the top if he adds goals to his game .     i 've got a sneaky feeling one of the promoted teams will survive .     aaron lennon looks happy at everton and he could move permanently .     aaron cresswell scored one of the free-kicks of the season against stoke .     yannick bolasie is terrorising defenders with his blistering speed .     francis coquelin and harry kane show clubs do n't need to spend big .     have tottenham really improved this season under mauricio pochettino ?     visiting augusta showed just how dedicated you must be to be the best .
wigan will be relegated to league one if they fail to beat brighton at home .     bristol city can win league one with victory against coventry on .     find out which club clubs can win promotion ... and go down this weekend .
increasing costs mean few owners can keep up with looking after a horse .     with dwindling buyers more horses than ever are being abandoned .     last year , the rspca alone took in 1,500 , many of them family pets .
joe root has been terrific to bounce back from a difficult time in australia .     root 's 182 * in the first innings in grenada showed he is a steely competitor .     he looks a natural no 3 , but england should n't move him from current spot .     the captaincy always wears players down , and it is n't his time yet .     ben stokes is right to be passionate , but needs to keep his cool as well .
two people treated at the scene after ` boris buses ' crash in goodge street .     an audi tt sports car was also involved in the four-vehicle collision .     the road was closed near the junction with tottenham court road .     eyewitness : at one point 15 buses stuck in queues before diverting area .
madison hurd , from seward , nebraska , was hospitalized with sepsis .     hurd had heart problems and knew she would n't make it to the prom .     but nurses decorated her room in the same great gatsby-theme , did her nails , hair and makeup and laid her dress over her hospital gown .     hurd 's boyfriend also flew out from alabama with a tux and corsage .
alexander kutner travelled with his sky presenter mum , kay burley .     they stayed at the ulusaba reserve in south africa 's sabi sands .     the stay at cliff lodge had luxury furnishings , soft sheets and a chef .
avengers star made remarks about alejandro gonzalez inarritu .     the 51-year-old won best director for birdman at this year 's oscars .     said in an interview last year superhero films represent ` cultural genocide '     downey jr said for a spanish-speaking man to use a phrase like that ` speaks to how bright he is '     comments come just days after he walked out of a tv interview in britain .
it has long been known that earth is constantly oscillating and ` humming '     earthquakes cause a certain level of hum , but a study claims different sized ocean waves also contribute to earth 's oscillations .     as water collides , it creates weak microseismic waves that cause a hum .     stronger seismic waves then occurs when water travels along the floor .
toddler filmed beating her chest at the silverback at a nebraska zoo .     gorilla then takes a run at the glass - and hits it with such force it cracks .     the footage captures the terrified family running for their lives .     video of thursday 's incident has got 126,000 views since it was uploaded .
aubrey de grey , 51 , believes he will unlock secrets to huge advances in life .     the former harrow school and cambridge scholar is a biomedical theorist .     he has a hugely rich and influential following in calfornia 's silicon valley .     raised in chelsea , he inherited # 11million when his mother passed away .     it 's been invested in his strategies for engineered negligible senescence .     the eccentric claims : ` aging is a disease that can and should be cured '
men wearing neo-nazi symbols crashed melbourne reclaim australia rally .     reclaim australia believes country should stand up against ` islamisation '     anti-racism group were also in attendance to counter-protest against reclaim australia .     the neo-nazis , some with swastika tattoos , attempted to intimidate anti-racism protester .     photographer captured the moment a brave man stood up to the neo-nazi .
ernst haas , a celebrated 20th-century photographer , was a regular on movie sets .     his work from the industry has been brought together in a new book , `` ernst haas : on set ''
rory mcilroy admitted recently he was ` obsessed with the gym '     sir nick faldo warned the world no 1 against bulking up .     the pair shook hands at augusta national during monday 's practice .     mcilroy is bidding to complete the career grand slam by winning masters .
the least known of the dutch cities , the hague was a village until 1806 .     it owes its growth to louis bonaparte , napoleon 's brother , who ruled here .     the city has a wealth of art , including vermeer 's ` girl with a pearl earring '
australian mp andrew robb says he would put a pen in his mouth to smile .     government minister did so to trick his brain into releases endorphins .     mr robb battled depression much of his life , before seeking help in 2009 .     prevention and treatment of mental illness is key , says labor 's anna burke .
merrion square was the favourite in the 4.20 at wincanton on wednesday .     horse suffered a wobble that threw jockey lewis ferguson in a freak fall .     trainer paul nicholls confirmed the jockey escaped unharmed .
angela kelly suffered the painful legacy of a lifetime wearing high heels .     she had arthritis in her early 30s but would n't kick her heel habit .     four years ago , at 63 , she had have a titanium knee replacement .
iraq veteran stan cole filmed swirling wall of wind in loraine , west texas .     vortex was gulping up dust and hurling chunks of mud around fields .     landspout is technical term of a tornado not attached to a thunderstorm .
mother was at charity easter egg hunt at melbourne 's caulfield racecourse .     a volunteer at the event on saturday told her to stop taking too many eggs .     she told the 13-year-old to ` f *** off ' and continued to deny she was doing it .     but she became so rowdy security guards had to throw her out of the hunt .     the easter event was held to raise money for zaidee 's rainbow foundation .     foundation aims to make people more aware of organ and tissue donation .
lz granderson : people keep looking for new reasons to validate apathy and explain away racism .     but what happened in baltimore did n't come up overnight ; artist jacob lawrence depicted the same story in 1940s .
a new mother was shocked to receive a scathing letter .     unsigned letter slammed her for posting too much on facebook about her baby .     letter to jade ruthven claimed to come from her friends .     she chose to respond by posting even more photos of her baby to take a stand against the bullies .     she has no idea who sent the cruel letter or why they chose to be so mean .
ashley jiron , is the owner of p.b. jams in warr acres in oklahoma .     she noticed someone had been looking through her bins for food .     she posted a note on her diner window inviting them in for a free meal .
the 44-year-old came under fire last month after she tweeted ` ten rape prevention tips ' aimed at male attackers .     in the levo league 's ask4more campaign video , sarah recalls a time she was discriminated against because of her gender .
president barack obama became the first president to visit jamaica since president ronald reagan in 1982 on thursday .     he met the world-class sprinter when they did his signature pose .     obama also gave a special mention to triple-world champion shelly-ann fraser-pryce and bolt while speaking during town hall meeting .
candice bergen 's competition for her dad 's affection was not with a sibling - it was with his iconic sidekick dummy charlie mccarthy .     ` charlie had his own bedroom next to mine -- and his was bigger '     she and french director louis malle had been ` crazy in love '     her role on murphy brown made her a fortune .     real estate developer second husband was suffocating and she reacted with tiny tantrums .     she 's packed on 30 pound and says ` no carb is safe -- no fat either '
virgil van dijk was on holiday in dubai while holland played two games .     young celtic defender has n't been called up since last year .     ronny deila says it is n't due to standard of scottish football .     team-mate jason denayer made his belgium debut against israel .
the todd family died sometime between march 28 and april 6 .     rodney todd , 36 , lived in the princess anne , maryland home with his seven children , aged six to 15 .     the six-hour funeral brought 1,200 people together to pay their respects .     todd and his children were poisoned in their sleep after a power company discovered a stolen meter and cut off electricity to their rental home .     todd had bought a generator and put it in his kitchen to keep his two sons and five daughters warm .
the stylish sisters ` how two live ' collaborate with print and shoe brands .     the collaboration is with us company ' print all over me ' that lets you design and customise a print to wear or sell commercially .     also featured is buffalo shoes , makers of the spice girls platforms .     the vibrant sisters have 111,000 fans on instagram .
jordan henderson is set to sign an improved deal with liverpool .     the 24-year-old midfielder has 14 months left on his current contract .     henderson could replace steven gerrard as club captain this summer .     liverpool will resume talks with raheem sterling at the end of the season .     read : liverpool launch bid to rival man utd for psv 's memphis depay .
vanessa moe presented as part of the st george new generation show .     models walked runway with plastic moulds over their heads .     show attendees appeared to be more transfixed with them than clothes .
royston coates was jailed for 10 years for holding down a man while his friend stabbed him in a random attack .     but he has posted a series of photographs of himself on facebook .     social media account has now been shut down by prison authorities .     comes a day after a convicted murderer was pictured partying with illegal alcohol in a film which he shared online .
louis van gaal handed andres iniesta his barcelona debut .     spaniard thanked the trust the manchester united manager placed in him .     iniesta claims 2009 champions league success was one of his best finals .     barcelona defeated chelsea and man utd on the way to rome victory .     frank ribery : van gaal is a bad man !
fritz the golden retriever from california has made quite a name for himself with his inability to catch .     his youtube channel boasts more than five million hits .     other videos show him being thrown steak , tacos , bread rolls , pizza and donuts , with misses every time .
a huge gas explosion ripped through farmhouse in lincolnshire , tearing down back wall and blowing out windows .     susan house , who lives in the home , miraculously survived because she was out walking her dogs at the time .     her father has owned the property for more than half a century and said it would have to be knocked down .     a bath tub can be seen teetering over the edge of what was once the upstairs bathroom at bleak house farm .
german pensioner is pregnant with quadruplets at the age of 65 .     britain 's older mother , sue tollefsen , thinks decision is ` selfish in a way '     she had daughter freya , now seven , when she was 57 .     regrets that she may not have as much time with her daughter .
manchester united beat their rivals city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday .     louis van gaal celebrated the derby demolition at wing 's restaurant .     van gaal was snapped with city 's toni duggan and isobel christiansen .     city striker duggan uploaded the snap to instagram of her with van gaal .     england women 's international duggan later deleted the post .     juan mata , daley blind and ander herrera also celebrated the victory .
celtic are eight points clear of aberdeen in the scottish premiership .     if the gap stays the same celtic could win the title at aberdeen on may 11 .     aberdeen 's adam rooney does n't want celtic to celebrate on their patch .
bank of england governor set to run london marathon later this month .     spotted tooled up in hyde park with # 35 nathan speed 4 fuel belt .     device , carring water and energy sachets , resembles batman 's utility belt .
`` when a man loves a woman '' singer percy sledge dies at 73 .     sledge died tuesday morning in baton rouge , louisiana .     `` when a man loves a woman '' is cornerstone of soul music , much covered and much played .
ashleigh sokie was asked to wash one direction 's niall horan 's clothes .     niall had been staying at a house in augusta for the us open and the washing machine there broke , so miss sokie was asked to help out .     she washed clothes and took picture of herself wearing horan 's polo top .     miss sokie also claims to have kept horan 's boxer shorts for herself .
neil tuckett 's newest model on his forecourt is 90 years old - but he is still selling one model t every week .     his cars are popular with the public as well as the tv and film industry , including the makers of downton abbey .     customers love the model t because they do n't require need road tax or an mot and are cheap to maintain .     he said : ` they 're like a giant meccano set really , and so beautifully simple and reliable they just wo n't let you down '
at 41 van leeuwenhoek used his body as a guinea pig in an experiment .     vermeer spent hours peering into the box-like interior of a camera obscura .     could vermeer and van leeuwenhoek have inspired each other 's work ?
michael phelps is hoping to compete a the 2016 olympics in rio .     phelps will has served a six-month suspension by usa swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last year .     29-year-old will be competing in mesa for the first time since the pan pacific championships last august .
john massung witnessed the scene thursday as he was parachuting near sebastian inlet .     the sharks pictured swarming 100 feet off the beach are thought to be blacktip or spinners - which migrate this time of year to breed .
photograph showed mysterious pair of boots behind little girl .     no one else was there , says the little girl 's father , who took the picture .     martin springall said their picture was not photoshopped .     he also said no one was standing behind the girl .     sceptics believe it could be a rocky outcrop or trick of the light .     ' i really do n't like dwelling on stuff like this , to be honest - it freaks me out '     ` i 'm about as skeptical as they come when it comes to the paranormal , so your guess is as good as mine '
pleasaunce cottage in dormans park near east grinstead has been lovingly maintained since the 19th century .     the unique property has a large veranda , original oak panelling , four bedrooms and stained glass windows .     it is one of the last surviving bungalows in britain built in the same style as original properties found in india .     in the victorian age bungalows were the reserve of the wealthy upper classes were used to escape heat of cities .
astrophysicist amy mainzer says she was was touched by malala 's story of determination .     mainzer also works on educating children about science .
dr mohammad ali jawad allegedly bragged about treatment of katie piper .     patient claims he gave her vodka during an appointment at his surgery .     accused of asking her to dance before touching the top of her breasts .     the plastic surgeon who is currently in pakistan denies the allegations .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california being fed some treats .     but in a bid to trick her , her owner throws a broccoli spear into the mix .
contrary to the abba song , napoleon did not surrender at waterloo .     templar hospice is being turned into a restaurant-cum-brewery , museum .     may sees the 75th anniversary of ` glorious failure ' of operation dynamo .
brady cited ` prior family commitments ' in bowing out of meeting with obama .     has been to the white house to meet president george w. bush for previous super bowl wins .
david cameron invited itv film crew into downing street kitchen for show .     interview also featuring his wife samantha is to be shown on itv tonight .     in show , pm is teased for appearing to confuse hit film frozen for a book .     samcam says family joke over breakfast as way of keeping pm ` grounded '
david says daughter harper and son gideon have incredibly sophisticated tastes .     the 39-year-old actor has worked as a personal chef and attended le cordon bleu cooking school .     gideon eats everything , while harper favors ` strong ' flavors and ` anything chocolate '     though david is the cook in the family , neil is good at plating the food .
sir philip green and benedict cumberbatch also enjoy home cinemas .     costs less than # 10,000 to install the technology , according to experts .
heads and loose limbs are piled up on the shelves in the doll hospital , known as ospedale delle bambole in rome .     shop was built by the squatriti family sixty years ago , restoring items such as ceramic , tortoiseshell and mosaics .     descendants federico squatriti , 52 , and his 82-year-old mother gelsomina have carried on the family tradition .
a melbourne based conservationist couple launched a crowd-funding page .     within two days they received a $ 2 billion pledge which later disappeared .     the site cancelled the pledge because it was deemed suspicious .     the baffled couple still have n't tracked down the would-be benefactor .
new york cosmos will begin their north american soccer league season this weekend with a match against tampa bay rowdies .     pele and franz beckenbauer were in new york on friday to turn the empire state building green ahead of the start of the season .     the pair played for new york cosmos together in the 1970s .     the club went bankrupt in the 1980s and only returned in 2010 .
the second series is hosted by philip glenister and ant anstead .     each episode takes a look at the history of various types of car .     the pair return a number of old-bangers back to their former glory .     they also help people complete their stalled restoration projects .
richie benaud died at the age of 84 after battling skin cancer .     his commentary style is considered synonymous with cricket .     sportsmail recalls 10 of his best moments in the commentary box .     read : when richie benaud welcomed viewers , they were able to relax .     click here for richie benaud tributes as cricket world mourns legend .
mohammaed dahbi barked orders at kassie thornton and christy spitzer .     told pair he would throw them out of new york cab if they continued .     they accused him of discriminating against them because they were gay .     yellowcab driver told them not to ` make me out to be an a ** hole '
danielle davies , 21 , from lancashire , gave birth to son harley last friday .     he weighed 11lb 5oz and nurses said he was too heavy for hospital scales .     danielle has had to throw many of harley 's newborn clothes away already .
residents in oldham were confused over growing pile of rubbish in alley .     they had begun receiving letters from the council threatening legal action .     one home owner installed cctv to find out who was fly-tipping in street .     the video revealed council workers had been discarding bin bags in alley .
charlotte li started taking selfies after feeling ` unhealthy ' after christmas .     helped motivate her to see her body becoming toned .     launched healthy selfie with husband joe who also saw results .
a hilarious note left by a chip shop owner has circulated on twitter .     in it the owner laments the fact that he has to go youth hosteling .     he jokes that his wife would have been , ` better off with saga '
mauricio pochettino has gathered a considerable reputation in england .     tottenham boss brought through the likes of harry kane and ryan mason .     the argentine manager is a godsend to fa chairman greg dyke .     sportsmail reveal which managers have most faith in young , english talent .
martin keown : danny welbeck 's pace might have unsettled chelsea .     john terry and gary cahill are built to deal with players like olivier giroud .     keown says chelsea captain terry 's reading of the game is better than ever .     the arsenal fans said it was boring but chelsea are doing what they need to do to win the league .     thierry henry : arsenal ca n't win title with olivier giroud in attack .
jonathan trott has struggled on his test comeback against west indies .     ben stokes took to twitter to voice his frustration with a no-ball call .     former england rugby 2015 chief executive debbie jevans has made her first public appearance since that twickenham storm .
spanish football legend took to twitter to announce the listing .     bodega iniesta ' vineyard is located in castilla-la mancha , spain .     property has one bedroom with double bed , and kitchen and lounge area .     guests are warned not to be too physical with the vines .
five-month-old elijah 's parents have made him a bucket list .     mum jessica and dad andrew want him to see the world .     little elijah suffers the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy .     he was born strong but he is now ` very floppy ' and getting weaker .     the list includes a trip to queensland , a ferry ride and watching the sunset .     ` the hardest thing is seeing other happy families '
global demand soaring as people develop passion for almond-based foods .     the nuts have become california 's second biggest agricultural commodity .     the problem is that almonds guzzle water on a monumental scale .     it 's been calculated that it takes 1.1 gallons of water to grow single almond .
filipe luis signed for chelsea from atletico madrid for # 16million .     the defender insists he wants to stay despite interest from former club .     brazilian has struggled to make the left back position his own this season .
rickie lambert is likely to miss out when liverpool play arsenal .     rickie fowler has been urged to develop a nasty streak at augusta .     phil jones - can louis van gaal find his perfect position ?     roberto mancini has a huge italian job on his hands at inter milan .     but he probably enjoyed coverage of the cricket world cup in the paper .
former england captain michael vaughan is favourite to replace paul downton as director of england cricket .     kevin pietersen has backed his former team-mate to take the role .     surrey chief alec stewart would also be open to talks with the ecb .
zara and mike tindall were at a help for heroes event in wiltshire .     cheered personal trainer rob edmond who was completing a challenge .     edmond rolled a whisky barrel 517 miles from perthshire to wiltshire .     tindall ran the final mile and says he would like to do a similar challenge .     zara strapped herself into the barrel and laughingly gave tindall a lift .
torpedo moscow fans broke down barriers and threw seats .     match suspended for seven minutes . torpedo went on to win 3-1 .     torpedo punished three times this season for racist behaviour from fans .     russian premier league have promised a ` harsh punishment '
new instagram account showcases buff , often topless , men cuddling their adorable pet pups .     launched one month ago , it boasts 148,000 followers and relies on submissions via direct messages .     owned and run by elite daily 's staff writer kaylin pound , who also created rich dogs of instagram .
lucy gransbury wrote a long handwritten letter to her noisy neighbours .     melbourne-based actor finally erupted after four months of sleepless nights .     also a comedian , she used her humour to tell them what she thought .     photos were taken of her throwing letter and over the fence and running off .     after a week of peace and quiet , she decided to send another note and gifts .     despite being woken by them talking twice the following sunday morning .     the cabaret artist finally received a hilarious reply from one of rowdy lads .
take part in probably the world 's largest easter egg hunts in the maze at traquair castle .     bottle feed lambs in wales .     channel your inner ray mears at hadrian 's wall .     watch fireworks to celebrate the 500th birthday of hampton court .     watch medieval jousting at hedingham castle .     tread the boards with the royal shakespeare theatre .
chelsea star eden hazard is set to make his 100th top-flight appearance .     santi cazorla should hit the same milestone when arsenal meet burnley .     both players have impressed since moving to the premier league in 2012 .     hazard has more goals this season but cazorla has one more assist .     sportsmail 's reporters choose the player who has excited them the most .
joe allen admits , at times , challenge of playing for liverpool felt too big .     however , reds midfielder has impressed in liverpool 's recent victories .     allen is disappointed at how he coped with things when he first signed .     wales international hopes he can stay fit and show fans the best of him .
robin van persie ruled out with ankle injury for manchester united .     chris smalling a doubt but luke shaw back from hamstring complaint .     ron vlaar could make return to aston villa squad following calf injury .     joe cole and jores okore have also regained fitness for villans .
mackey predicted what would happen to iraq if the u.s. invaded and deposed saddam hussein .     she also wrote a book credited with helping bridge gap between arabs and americans .
working out in a group of friends inspired fit nation participant erica moore .
sawyer sweeten played across from his twin brother and their sister as the children of ray and patricia barone .     report : sweeten was visiting family in texas and is believed to have shot himself .
an outside review found that a rolling stone article about campus rape was `` deeply flawed ''     danny cevallos says that there are obstacles to a successful libel case , should one be filed .
bespoke mascara and foundation are part of the newest generation of personalised beauty products .     skincare brands are also increasingly tailored to specific needs .     harvey nichols says ` one size fits all concept simply does n't cater to customers ' individual needs at all times anymore '
crystal palace face sunderland at the stadium of light on saturday .     ex-newcastle boss alan pardew is prepared for a frosty reception .     but he believes black cats fans should be more concerned about his side .     sunderland are 15th in the table and three points clear of the drop zone .
madelyn yensen , 94 , died five hours before husband marcus , 95 .     salt lake city couple with three children lived in same house since 1949 .     madelyn suffered seizure while holding her husband 's hand at his bedside .     marcus later died of cardiac arrest , family said .     couple met in 1940 when marcus took dance lesson from his future wife .
iranian sports official : the ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year .     but he says `` families are not interested in attending '' some sports matches .
the woman was later identified as jacqueline carr , age 65 .     still uncertain who owns the tree or was responsible for its upkeep .     carr was the vehicle 's only occupant .
sonia pereiro-mendez says she was treated unfairly after getting pregnant .     mother-of-two claims she missed out on bonuses worth millions .     senior banker says she was told she was n't ' a significant long-term player '     she is suing goldman sachs for sexism and maternity discrimination .
aaronessa keaton was arrested monday and charged with manslaughter for a 2014 accident that resulted in the death of a 5-year-old child .     keaton , of phoenix , arizona , hit another car head-on while she was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system .     when told of the charges and the child 's death , she said ; ` sh*t happens '
this is the third part of our major good health series on dementia .     we look at ways to help minimise the impact of memory problems .     for example , we need just as much sleep as we get older .     the problem is that older people find it harder to reach a deeper sleep .     when the short-term memory starts to go , it can make it hard for someone to recall what they have already done that day , such as whether they 've had breakfast , or showered , or spoken to someone .     it can help to keep a diary - a record of what has been done through the day . writing also helps encourage the cognitive processes , which can help slow down future decline .     create a memory hub - that is , a central place in the home , perhaps the dining room table or a desk , where important notes , car keys , house keys and drugs that need to be taken are kept . put things here that you want to be able to find quickly . get into the habit of having everything in this one place rather than having things scattered about the home .     get a whiteboard or blackboard - that can be used to record a timetable of what needs to be done each day that week . things that get done can be ticked off . it is another way to show what has been done , but also shows what remains to be done .     label doors , drawers , cupboards and cabinets to avoid confusion about what goes where .     have a list of the numbers of key people by the phone - your gp and other care professionals , carers , family and reliable friends .     have a daily newspaper delivered - it is a simple way of keeping aware of what is happening in the world and is a useful reminder of that day 's date .     when showering or having a bath , establish a routine as a reminder of whether your hair has been washed . for example , move the conditioner and shampoo from one side of the bath to the other once you 've used them .     eat regular meals . while other body cells can take fuel from elsewhere , the brain relies on a good supply of glucose from the blood . that 's why skipping a meal can affect reasoning , cognition and memory .     in the early stages of dementia , begin a reminiscence book to act as a reminder of key events in that person 's life and who people are . it 's a nice thing for the person with dementia and a loved one to do together . include pictures and snippets of information and date and label every entry .
the vancouver-born actor was not injured in friday 's incident , police said .     he was walking in an underground hotel parking garage during hit-and-run .
viewers took to twitter to argue over the colour of nicola sturgeon 's dress .     miss sturgeon 's dress appeared blue in some lights and green in others .     others thought she was wearing a grey dress during last night 's debate .     the first #thedress debate was sparked by scottish student caitlin mcneill .
sawyer sweeten shot himself while visiting family in texas yesterday .     played geoffrey barone on hit show alongside twin brother and older sister .     the show 's star ray romano said he was ` shocked , and terribly saddened '     his sister madylin posted on facebook : ` at this time i would like to encourage everyone to reach out to the ones you love '
floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .     the two men will split a $ 300m purse , with mayweather taking 60 per cent .     the fight has been five years in the making and was agreed in february .     it pits the two pound-for-pound boxers in the world against each other .     mayweather-pacquiao is 11 days away ... why are there no tickets on sale ?
the ancient jewels belonged to novelist elizabeth jane howard .     she is famous for the cazalet chronicles and marriage to kingsley amis .     the collection includes ancient egyptian hair rings dating from 1550 b.c .     howard , who died in january 2014 , often wore the jewellery .     in total , the pieces , some of which are 3,500 years old , are worth # 20,000 .
the robots , collectively called avert , are attached to a deployment unit .     unit is used to scan the area for obstacles and plan a route to the car .     it then releases bogies which travel to the car and dock onto the wheels .     system may help bomb disposal teams deal with suspicious vehicles .
la angel josh hamilton filed for divorce from katie two months ago .     was around the same time he admitted to a drugs and alcohol relapse .     reality star insisted there was no ` big fight or blow up ' causing the split .     has maintained she still loves him and will always stand by him .
` why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? ' he asked today 's savannah guthrie as she tried to corner him wednesday morning .     paul unleashed on on a female cnbc anchor during a line of questioning he considered ` slanted ' ; he shushed her and told to ` calm down a bit '     ' i think i have been universally short-tempered and testy with both male and female reporters . i 'll own up to that , ' he now concedes .     admission summed up the freshman lawmaker 's second day as an official 2016 contestant - a day that also included a confrontation with the chairwoman of the democratic party over late-term abortion .     paul declared that she seems to be ` ok with killing a 7-pound baby '
xavier denamur claims most dishes in french bistro are n't made on site .     he said seven in ten meals are factory-made then reheated in microwave .     signs that france 's crown as top culinary destination in world is slipping .     french ministers admitted scheme to introduce a homemade label failed .
mahendra ahirwar , 12 , has a bent neck and his head hangs from his body .     his parents mukesh and sumitra ahirwar say they 'd rather their son died .     they claim mahendra has seen 50 doctors but none have given a diagnosis .
sir nick faldo will play in the open victory for the final time at st andrews .     tom watson will also cross the swilcan bridge for the last time this year .     it will mark 25 years since faldo won the competition and 40 for watson .
floyd mayweather will fight manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 .     the bout is expected to generate $ 300 million in revenue .     iyanna mayweather has been in training camp with her father floyd .
naked art fans attended an hour-long nude tour at the national gallery of australia in canberra on wednesday night .     the tour took place outside regular exhibition hours , as it is illegal to be naked in public .     fans viewed the exhibition , ` james turrell : a retrospective ' led by experienced nude tour guide stuart ringholt .     ` everyone 's all in it together , so it 's not weird or anything , ' said one man .     the 70-year-old artist has put on a nude exhibition before in japan , and was keen to replicate the experience for his body of work in australia .
chelsea ellen bruck , 22 , was last seen in the early hours of october 26 in frenchtown township , michigan dressed as the batman villain poison ivy .     police searched an area near a ford motor company plant in michigan .     the sheriff 's office declined to discuss media reports that part of chelsea 's costume were found .     she was last seen in the parking lot with dark-haired man at 3am .     the party had to be shut down after numbers swelled from 500 to 800 people .
bird was spotted near the a4 flyover at brentford after flying along thames .     eagle-eyed canal boat resident saw the puffin and contacted rescue agency .     puffins most commonly found in iceland , but this bird ` blown off course '
niamh geaney , 26 , found her doppelgänger through social media .     her lookalike , karen branigan , lives only a hour away in ireland .     the pair met in real life and although it was ` freaky ' , they got on very well .     both have sisters , and say they do n't look similar to either of them .
the video shows people throwing chairs and stanchions .     friday was the grand opening of fat tuesday at the casino .     three men have been arrested .
in the searing california heat , many jumped on the chance to shed most of their clothes .     string monokinis and skimpy leotards were spotted at every turn .     celebrity style offenders included paris hilton , katy perry , jourdan dunn and kendall jenner .
book claims juan carlos was romancing corinna zu sayn-wittgenstein .     final de partida - or end game - by ana romero , sold out within 24 hours .     author said at the book 's launch the pair were ' a couple pure and simple '
gang used power tool to cut a hole into basement of safety deposit centre .     raided 72 security boxes before escaping with bins full of precious gems .     scotland yard said crime had been carried out by ` ocean 's 11 type team '     offering # 20,000 reward for information leading to conviction of burglars .
sheriff : the correctional officer is in intensive care after being beaten , choked .     it appears `` somebody did n't do their job properly , '' sheriff says after the escape .     kamron taylor also tried to escape a courtroom after being convicted of murder in february .
hudson swafford shares the lead on 11-under with boo weekley .     play was later suspended on friday due to the threat of sever weather .     england 's justin rose is four shots off the lead on 7-under .
shocking footage has emerged of a thief allegedly taking a donation box .     cctv captures the woman bringing her vest over the anzac badges .     the incident took place on wednesday at the caulfield rsl in melbourne .     the video was posted on facebook in a bid to track down the women .
gemma , 34 , gives femail a peek at her extended clothing collection .     new additions include a lacy lbd and a set of floral kimonos .     the blonde star of the only way is essex says ` confidence ' is key .
lord neuberger said muslim women should be allowed to wear a full-face veil when appearing in court to show respect to ` different customs .     he also said judges must be aware of their ` subconscious bias '     judges are ` rightly ' seen as from ` privileged ' part of society , he said .     he cited a judge ruling on a case of an unemployed traveller as an example .     since publication of this article , lord neuberger has since clarified his position which may be read here : article .
esteban cambiasso says saving leicester will feel like winning a trophy .     the argentinian has become a key player for nigel pearson 's side .     leicester are currently seven points adrift at the bottom of the table .     click here for all the latest leicester city news .
debris on carriers can get sucked into jet engines , causing deadly crashes .     sailors are therefore usually required to search decks for debris by hand .     but crew of admiral kuznetsov made themselves vehicle to speed up job .     consists of mig-15 engine strapped to tractor to act as giant leaf blower .
anticipated departure stems from concern that agents of the federal drug agency divulged secrets at sex parties with prostitutes .     colombian drug lords may have staged rendezvous to elicit information .     house committee on oversight and government reform is investigating .     dea declined to comment today on her reported resignation ; the white house would n't give leonhart its backing .     leonhart , head of the agency since 2007 , has been accused by the inspector general of not giving out stiff enough penalties for misconduct .
foreign fighters are increasingly signing up to fight isis on the front lines .     for some of the jihadist group 's foes , foreign fighters are not welcome comrades .     training and logistical support , some argue , is the best way to support the fight against isis .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao is now just nine days away .     sportsmail 's jeff powell has been counting down the greatest fights .     in the fourth of a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , we have george foreman v muhammad ali - the rumble in the jungle .     it was a fight which astonished the satellite world on october 30 , 1974 .     foreman v ali inspired movies and millions of words written about it .
david priestley called 999 three times and waited an hour for ambulance .     his wife diane was struggling to breathe and was starting to turn blue .     ambulance trust admitted delay due to incorrect priority by call-handler .     mr priestley said he is tormented by thought his wife may have survived .
most modern phone models have batteries that only last a couple of hours .     problem is n't batteries , but amount of tasks mobiles are expected to do .     battery life can be improved by turning off bluetooth , sounds and gps .
aqap says a `` crusader airstrike '' killed ibrahim al-rubaish .     al-rubaish was once detained by the united states in guantanamo .
a protective dad made a t-shirt for his daughter showing him with the message : ` stay clear boys , this is my dad ! '     the image was first posted to reddit and has since been shared tens of thousands of times .
cressida bonas says she is happy being single after prince harry split .     dancer and mulberry 's new muse says : ` i 'm a strong , independent woman '     just finished playing cecily in the importance of being ernest in london .
`` there is still smoke on and off , '' says resident with distant view .     the volcano erupts for third time since april 22 .     about 1,500 people are evacuated , an official says , according to cnn chile .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao is now just eight days away .     sportsmail 's jeff powell has been counting down the greatest fights .     in the fifth in a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , we have muhammad ali v joe frazier , the thrilla in manila .     it was said to have come five years late , much like mayweather v pacquiao .     yet those doubting the two greats in their 30s were spectacularly wrong .
it does n't matter where it comes from - no one likes being rejected .     and in each and every case there 's nothing we can do about it .     jia jiang , with his exceptional optimism , proposes an alternative thesis .     he has developed an entertaining study of rejection in all its many forms .
tv debate was the first proper view of sturgeon for most outside scotland .     snp leader has most experience of governing of politicians who took part .     sturgeon is the most dangerous woman in british politics , writes columnist .
alanna and stephen goetzinger lost their daughter rana when she was stillborn during a waterbirth at their home in 2012 .     rana was found to have died of meconium aspiration , a condition where a foetus inhales their faeces before birth , preventing them from breathing .     a coroner 's report found that their midwife failed to recognise signs of the meconium , changed the time of birth , and whether there was signs of life .     she handed in her resignation at the end of 2014 after the report said her actions during the birth were ` grossly inadequate '     the goetzinger 's have spoken out against the findings and claim that the midwife did nothing wrong and that the death could not have been stopped .     the want an apology from the coroner 's office who conducted an autopsy without their permission and the reinstatement of their midwife 's licence .
jennifer aniston , 46 , showed off her well-toned arms at the oscars .     she works out three times a week with her long-term trainer , mandy ingber .     what to try : the medicine ball overhead press is great for upper arms .
lenny mordarski was rudely awakened when he fell asleep before take-off on a south west airlines flight on thursday .     a female passenger sitting next to him was jabbing him with a ballpoint .     he said : ` imagine being asleep and then being stung by bees , and then waking up and going ` owww '
chef q cooked a slap-up feast for floyd mayweather and adrien broner .     each plate costs the boxer anything between $ 1,000 and $ 3,000 .     bbq chicken , potatoes and rice were some of the foods cooked .     mayweather takes on manny pacquiao at the mgm in las vegas on may 2 .     gordon ramsay offered ringside seats in exchange for post-match meal .     floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao tickets sell out within 60 seconds .     read : mayweather has earned over $ 400m and here 's how he spends it .     click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
ted loveday led gonville and caius college , cambridge to the university challenge title this week .     he became a web sensation after answering 10 different starter questions .     but the law student admits he revised by using youtube and wikipedia .
the presidential hopeful held a town hall meeting in kenilworth on tuesday .     during the meeting , high school english teacher kathy mooney got up to ask the governor a question about pensions .     she asked why he did n't seek a higher legal settlement in a case with exxonmobil that would have contributed to the state 's pension system .     christie responded by repeatedly asking how much mooney knew about the deal instead of answering her question .
in first meeting of the season between the rivals power outage delayed game 16 minutes in the 12th inning .     the game lasted six hours and 49 minutes pushing past 2am on saturday east coast time and came to an end after 19 innings .
dana perino and bush were visiting families at the walter reed military hospital in washington , d.c. in 2005 .     perino said one mother of a soldier from the carribean was devastated .     ` she yelled at the president , wanting to know why it was her child and not his who lay in the hospital bed , ' perino wrote .     perino said bush ` needed to hear the anguish ' and later said he did n't ` blame the woman one bit ' for being mad at him .     perino shared the story in her new book and the good news is : lessons and advice from the bright side .
experts have voiced concerns over diy brain stimulation kits for children .     for a few hundred dollars , one can be purchased online from various sites .     it promises to help children with math homework and claims to help adhd .     professor colleen loo from the black dog institute strongly believes that the equipment poses a danger to amateurs and children .     the equipment is currently being used to treat people with speech impediments but is still very much in trial stages .
gary ballance , ian bell and joe root are forming a strong middle order .     ballance shone at no 3 for england against west indies .     england exile kevin pietersen will be 35 on june 27 .
kathryn beale , 41 , is a national expert in the art of the strange foodstuff .     she whizzes placentas into smoothies , or grinds it into pills for mothers .     mothers have reported powerful healing properties from eating the organ .     includes increase in milk supply , reduction in post-natal bleeding , stabilising blood pressure and more energy to care for their babies .
david perry : robert kennedy jr. compared autism to the holocaust , wrongly tied it to vaccines .     he says it 's sad such a prominent kennedy demeans people with autism .
josh warrington earns points victory against dennis tubieron .     24-year-old admitted to being bored during the one-sided fight .     vinnie jones accompanied the featherweight to the ring .
real madrid take on granada in la liga early sunday kick-off .     carlo ancelotti 's side four points off barcelona in the title race .     real were beaten 2-1 in el clasico last time out before international break .
samantha cameron recently spoke of her love of alternative group poliça .     rock band 's latest album is inspired by feminist shulamith firestone .     mrs cameron even joined crowd at a recent gig in shoreditch , east london .
barway edwin collins , 10 , went missing from his crystal , minnesota apartment complex march 18 after school .     on saturday , searchers from boy scout troop found a body ten feet from mississippi river 's edge which was identified as barway .     crystal police chief said electronic evidence shows boy 's father pierre collins , 33 , was in area where body was found at time he disappeared .     hennepin county medical examiner said the cause and manner of barway 's death are still being investigated .
fifty years after the futuristic puppet show launched itv is bringing it back .     it is computer-generated with more women and multicultural characters .     lady penelope lost twin-set and pearls and looks like a lady secret agent .     parker has dropped his chauffeur uniform and sports a roll-neck sweater .     thunderbirds , itv1 tomorrow at 5pm .
lauren hill was diagnosed with an inoperable form of brain cancer aged 18 .     despite illness , she achieved dream to play college basketball in cincinnati .     also raised a huge $ 1.5 million for diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma research .     she died in hospital on friday , aged 19 , after defying doctors ' expectations .     now , lebron james has penned a touching farewell letter to the teenager .     in letter , he praises lauren for the ` leadership ' and ` strength ' she showed .     basketball star tells her : ` you time spent on earth will never be forgotten '
tom brady to gisele bundchen : `` you inspire me every day ''     bundchen had last runway show wednesday .     she 'll be focusing more on family , `` special projects ''
shelley dufresnein of st charles parish , louisiana , took a plea deal .     mother-of-three avoided prison and wo n't have to register as a sex offender .     took an image of her smiling after the hearing and wrote : ` my mood today '     also said she was ` relieved ' when followers began congratulating her .     is still facing charges over an alleged threesome she had with the same student and fellow teacher rachel respess , 24 .
malik ghat is a wholesale flower market in india that attracts more than 2,000 sellers each day .     photographer ken hermann spent 10 days at the market photographing his project `` flower man ''
the 34-year-old also revealed that she spends five to ten percent of her day away from her daughter so she can workout and be alone with her husband .     kim gave birth to north on june 15 , 2013 .
baby boy malakai suffers rare medical condition pallister killian syndrome .     malakai can not see , can not hear , struggles to breath and may never walk .     stacy maitai gave up everything to take care of her seven-month-old son .     mother-of-two has been forced to survive on $ 90 a week from centrelink .     can not receive further financial assistance as she is not australian citizen .     the single mother moved from new zealand to perth about four years ago .     a fundraising page has been set up to help the struggling family .
quinton ` rampage ' jackson returns to the ufc after two year absence .     former light-heavyweight champion takes on fabio maldonado in montreal .     he had to come through protracted legal battle to feature at ufc 186 .
youths took boy to an isolated place in padma nagar , india , and raped him .     when he resisted , they set him on fire , leaving him with 30 per cent burns .     he is now being treated at the thane civil hospital , about 30 minutes away .
crystal o'connor , owner of memories pizza in walkerton , indiana , says she stands by her decision to never cater a gay wedding .     this despite the fact that she claims she has been receiving death threats for her beliefs , though none have been documented .     she has closed her store , but said she will reopen again and $ 850,000 has been raised for the business by supporters in just two days .     o'connor said in a recent interview of this ; ` god has blessed us for standing up for what we believe , and not denying him '     also on saturday , openly gay basketball stars jason collins and derrick gordon arrived for the ncaa final four in indianapolis .
chris ramsey believes tim sherwood will keep aston villa from relegation .     friendships will be cast aside when ramsey 's qpr face sherwood 's villa .     qpr are optimistic about survival after beating west brom 4-1 on saturday .     a win over villa would put ramsey 's rs ahead of villa on goal difference .
sisters , one 61 and the other 58 , unable to agree because of mutual hatred .     judge denzil lush said one could be jailed for trying to alter a document .     lost control of a # 600,000 house and savings and shares worth # 100,000 .
japan aims to put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018 .     the mission is expected to to be used to perfect technologies which could be utilized for future manned space missions .
dave hax 's youtube tutorial advises to score the skin before boiling .     the method eliminates the need for peelers and will keep your hands clean .     the video has received more than 1.5 million views since being uploaded .
calum chambers has played 35 times already for arsenal this season .     eric dier has become an important first-team player at tottenham .     john stones has impressed for everton after being moved to the middle .
microcon 2015 is the first north american gathering of micronations .     places like molossia , westarctica and vikesland will be in attendance .     one country is the size of a football field , another is as large as alaska .     they print their own stamps , wave their own flags , and mint their own money .     but most of their citizens do n't actually live on the land .
the designer diffusion line went on sale sunday morning but was almost completely sold out online before noon , with stores selling out minutes after opening .     re-sellers initially tried to unload merchandise at inflated prices including $ 799 for a $ 150 hammock ; now thousands of pieces are available on ebay with smaller markups .     outraged customers have formed a social media campaign to boycott the merchandise from second-hand sellers .
reality tv star is meeting party leaders to try to understand the election .     essex boarded a boat after telling reporters he ` likes fish and stuff '     farage is a keen angler and essex used to work at billingsgate fish market .     ukip leader ` has n't a clue ' what a vajazzle is and has never had a fake tan .
for years , the garden shed has been the domain of the man .     but now women are demanding their own huts at the bottom of the garden .     they come in an array of styles including beach huts and tudor cottages .
the 2015 sydney royal easter show opened to the public last thursday 26 .     the website displays the retail value of the showbags and their official cost .     some cost more than their retail value , others list grossly inaccurate costs .
daisy goodwin has had problems with head lice since she was 19 .     she says she 's suffered with the itchy parasites at least 100 times .     a nit is the egg sac laid by female lice on human hair shafts .
the value of the drugs is estimated at more than $ 105 million .     officers arrested one venezuelan and two spanish citizens on board the vessel .
cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta answers questions about medical marijuana .     readers wanted to know how medical marijuana could ease symptoms of illnesses .
gary locke will be confirmed as kilmarnock boss on friday .     the club went unbeaten during locke 's first six games in charge .     the 39-year-old former killie defender has paid tribute to his players .
stefania la greca is standing for election for the lega sud ausonia party .     she has posted dozens of selfies and pictures of herself in skimpy bikinis .     but the stunning 36-year-old denied she was using her looks to get votes .
ahead of launching her anticipated campaign on sunday , two senior advisers said strategy has echoes of obama 's 2012 re-election campaign .     she is expected to reach out to donors in coming weeks , but does not plan to headline many fundraising events over the next month .     advisers said she planned to talk about ways families can increase take-home pay and making higher education more affordable .     she intends to sell herself as being able to work with congress , businesses and world leaders .     president barack obama said on saturday ' i think she would be an excellent president '     clinton 's growing team of staffers began working friday out of a new campaign headquarters in brooklyn .
danny garcia is set to face lamont peterson in las vegas on saturday .     the unbeaten light welterweight champion defeated amir khan in 2012 .     the us fighter revealed he always stays on his feet because of an extra toe .
he agreed to a plea deal on thursday where he said he 'd perform 100 hours of community service and pay $ 1,333 to the estate of a neighbor .     his community service must take place at a habitat for humanity project .     vanilla ice - real name robert van winkle - was arrested in lantana , florida in february on grand theft charges .     cops claimed he took furniture , a pool heater and bicycles from vacant home near a property he was working on for reality show ` the vanilla ice project '     the items were later found inside his own house , according to authorities .
quarter million people without power in sydney and nearby areas .     a large storm system brought damaging winds and flooding to parts of australia .     the flooding is affecting public transportation services , residential and coastal areas .
leo grand was offered a deal : either $ 100 or lessons in coding from patrick mcconlogue , who passed him on the street every day .     after daily coding lessons grand launched carpooling app trees for cars .     grand said he made $ 15,000 from the app , which is no longer in stores because he does not want to pay for the server space .     he said he has n't found the time to code every day anymore .     grand insists he likes living outdoors , but said he should have come up with an idea that made more money .
scientists in southern italy have known about him since 1993 .     researchers worried that rescuing the bones would shatter them .
officials say the investigation originated from intercepted chatter .     possible threat focused on parts of california , one says .
punters reacted with amusement and fury to future festival cancellation .     many people were genuinely upset over the announcement - blaming the festival organisers for spending too much on drake and avicii .     but others were quick to make fun of future festival goers on social media .     organisers said the festival ` does n't make financial sense anymore '
locals had noticed the ground in the area was warmer than usual .     experts ca n't get close enough to determine how deep the hole is .     temperature measured at 792c from two metres away .     thought to be caused by a coal seam spontaneously combusting .
mohammad shatnawi scored a bizzare own goal in the jordanian league .     his al faisaly side were a goal down against rivals al whidat .     he made a brave block but overhead kicked the rebound into his own net .
heather hironimus and the boy 's father , dennis nebus , have been warring since her pregnancy .     they were never married but share custody of their 4-year-old child .     in a parenting agreement filed in court , the two agreed to the boy 's circumcision .     hironimus later changed her mind , giving way to a long court battle .     she filed a federal civil rights complaint late monday .     it repeats the claims that surgery on her 4-year-old son is n't necessary , that the boy does n't want it , and that his constitutional rights are being violated .     hironimus is also trying to avoid her own arrest .     the arrest was ordered after she fled in february and ignored a judge 's demand that she appear in court and allow the surgery to go forward .
fan favorite series `` arrested development '' to return for a fifth season , according to producer .     brian grazer claimed the show would be back in a podcast .     netflix is not commenting .
final troop pullout oddly detached as u.s. military operations die down in afghanistan .     ambitious projects , like a police logistics center in jalalabad , may not live up to their potential .
volcano already has erupted twice this week .     it has spewed ash to a depth of about 23 1/2 inches in some places , chilean officials say .     authorities issue an alert for two towns , and there 's a 12-mile exclusion zone .
manchester city are in fourth , a point behind rivals manchester united .     city were beaten 2-1 by crystal palace on monday and face united sunday .     manuel pellegrini ready to battle for three points to move above united .
stunning pictures show men firing rockets at rival churches ' bell towers in annual ` war ' , as part of age-old tradition .     president putin attends solemn mass in moscow with the country 's prime minister and the mayor of the city .     pope francis , head of roman catholic church , marks 100 years since armenian genocide with special service .
tiny chihuahua digby was abandoned on the street next to a set of bins .     he was taken to rspca rescue centre where he met new best friend nero .     the 9st mastiff is 120 times the size and eats his pal 's weight in pet food .     digby , who was perilously close to death , has taken on a new lease of life .
fire breaks out at the general electric appliance park in louisville , kentucky .     city official : no is believed to be injured or trapped .
putin said on saturday that the countries need to work on common agenda .     he said us and russia are working towards same efforts of making the world order more democratic .     putin 's latest remarks come two days after saying us wanted ` not allies , but vassals '
a woman was told by sydney hotel she could n't breastfeed in ' 18s only ' area .     she was directed to use the ` baby room ' instead - the hotel 's disabled toilet .     in australia , women have a right to breastfeed in public .     the federal sex discrimination act makes it illegal to discriminate against a person on the grounds of breastfeeding .     the hotel says it is a child and breastfeeding friendly venue .
at waterloo bicentenary , research shows adults know little about the battle .     only just over half polled knew the duke of wellington led british forces .     one in eight between 18-24 said they had never heard of the famous battle .     young people likely to associate waterloo with abba and london station .
england reduce invitational xi to 24 for six after amassing lead of 320 .     hosts hold out for a draw , but the game had descended into a farce .     england will learn little from glorified net against woeful opposition .     james tredwell out-bowls adil rashid in contest to be test spinner .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been turned into puppets .     they will feature in a new comedy sketch show similar to spitting image .     other royals to feature include charles and camilla and prince harry .     newzoids begins on the 15th april on itv1 .
journalist sunir pandey was visiting relatives with nepal 's 7.8 magnitude quake struck .     he says they ran to shelter under a concrete beam and prayed , as dust rose from the rubble .
image went viral after it was posted by user bobitis on reddit .     the unnamed youth , from new york , knelt on a chair to reach whiteboard .     the boy is the son of new york professor and drew map from memory .
cassandra fortin removed from hartford , connecticut , home in january .     she was forced to undergo chemotherapy to treat hodgkin 's lymphoma .     her mother jackie had supported desire to explore natural alternatives .     but state ruled teen was not legally mature enough to make the decision .     on monday , cassandra was released from the children 's medical center .     she said ` i 'm so happy ' , adding that the feeling of fresh air ` is wonderful '     teen was reunited with mother in april for first time since the new year .     cancer is in remission , but she says she is happy she ` fought for my rights '
magazine published a rape on campus in november 2014 issue .     graphically recounted supposed gang-rape of university of virginia student .     sabrina rubin erdely wrote article based on interviews with victim ` jackie '     did not speak to alex stock or ryan duffin , who were portrayed poorly .     they could have revealed jackie 's unreliability before story went to press .     duffin today took the magazine to task and said its reputation is shot .
captain lee mcculloch was booed by rangers supporters last weekend .     mcculloch made an error that led to raith rovers hitting the back of the net .     rangers play league leaders hearts in the scottish championship saturday .
charlie hill contemplates returning to the united states for family and blackberry pie .     he would also have to face justice on charges of killing a police officer and hijacking a plane .
lebron james posted an unhappy picture at the dentist on instagram .     his visit to the dentist 's chair follows his first triple-double for cleveland .     james brought 20 points , 10 rebounds and 12 assists in win over chicago .
in 2013 , anthony stokes ' family said a hospital refused him a heart due to his `` history of noncompliance ''     hospital eventually gave stokes a heart ; on tuesday he carjacked someone , burglarized a home , police said .     stokes shot at an elderly woman , hit a pedestrian with a stolen car and died in a police chase , authorities said .
two neuroscientists have conducted brain imaging to examine moments of clarity .     sudden `` insights '' are otherwise known as `` eureka '' or `` aha '' moments .     we can increase our chance of these insights with a variety of daily changes .
clive howard , 57 , preyed on lone women on norfolk and cambridge streets .     he was jailed for life after final victim was able to describe his volvo car .     jessica howard , 23 , was returning from a night out when he raped her .     since he was found guilty 15 more potential victims have come forward .
johanna basford has sold 1.4 million copies of her book secret garden .     the trend for grown-ups colouring in is said to have started in france .     craze has spread across the globe with fans starting colouring-in groups .     experts say the pursuit allows those doing it to rediscover their creativity .
ian wright presented tony mccoy with champion jockey trophy .     mccoy finished third on box office in last-ever race on saturday .     the 40-year-old also finished third on mr mole in penultimate race .     mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed professionally for last time .     racing legend has been champion jockey 20 times .     sandown filled with punters to bid mccoy farewell .
made in chelsea star binky felstead , 24 , stars in street style video .     shares five must-haves to always be in fashion in london 's sw3 area .     statement jewellery , cashmere and a biker jacket are fashion essentials .
image shows two men praying at half-time during fa cup clash .     how would the management have reacted if some devout catholics had decided to stage a holy communion at half-time ?     muslim fans could start demanding special prayer rooms at stadiums .
manchester united and manchester city clash in sunday 4pm derby .     chelsea also in derby action when they visit queens park rangers .     liverpool host newcastle united in monday night football .     arsenal travel to burnley for late saturday kick-off .     tim sherwood returns to tottenham hotspur with aston villa .
a man named jamie proposed to girlfriend dawn on the itv show .     she reacted by throwing the diamond at him and storming off in tears .     dawn then followed that by revealing that she had been cheating on him .     episode was entitled : my fiancé is a womaniser but is he a cheat ?     the jeremy kyle show , weekdays at 9.25 am on itv .
profile in courage award is going to a republican congressman who risked his career while recognizing the danger of climate change .     authors : addressing climate challenge is today 's moon shot , an enormous effort that will pay big benefits .
eileen dee was being treated for cancer when she caught the lethal bug .     her husband rené has spoken of watching her die just five days later .     several hospital rooms , including eileen 's , found to have traces of bacteria .     mr dee is now suing the hospital trust in brighton for clinical negligence .
at the height of her addiction julie merner drank a bottle of vodka a day .     39-year-old has been admitted to hospital 13 times in six years .     mother-of-three has been told one more drop of alcohol will kill her .     admits she is to blame but does not feel bad about # 100,000 nhs care bill .
the smash hit series `` game of thrones '' returns for a fifth season sunday .     major story arcs should start to converge this year .
parents of martin richard argue against death penalty for dzhokhar tsarnaev .     the 8-year-old boy was youngest of victims in the boston marathon bombings .     sentencing phase for tsarnaev begins next week .
ivan rakitic and wife raquel mauri shared instagram selfie from the beach .     barcelona midfielder is hoping for la liga and champions league glory .     lionel messi is expecting a second child with antonella roccuzzo .
ford announced at a press conference on thursday that he will undergo a 8-10 hour surgery to remove a tumor on may 11 .     he was diagnosed with malignant liposarcoma - a rare type of soft tissue cancer that begins in fat cells or fatty tissue - last year .     he had refused to step down as mayor in light of his crack and alcohol binges , but the diagnosis forced him to give up the role .     but he ran for his old seat in city council and won .
find the fda 's official report for the recalled product .     if the product is within the use-by date , it should still be recalled .
aljaz bedene lost 6-1 , 6-4 to jiri vesely at the grand prix hassan ii .     the world no 99 switched allegiance from slovenia to great britain .     second seed martin klizan saw off nicolas almagro 6-4 7-6 .
a narrabeen house damaged in the sydney storms has been demolished .     it began sliding down the hill it was built on , endangering homes nearby .     a team of firefighters , police , and engineers to bring the property down .     a cherry picker , four pressurised hoses , and a thick cable were used .     neighbours clapped and cheered when it was destroyed .
water temple fair held annually in jiangnan , china , where fishermen gather to pay homage to ancient hero .     locals dress up in their traditional costumes and perform local rituals with dances , boat races and songs .     honours general lui chengzhong , a hero of yuan dynasty -lrb- 1279-1368 -rrb- , who eliminated pests during drought .
hairstylist chris appleton explained the inspiration for 24-year-old rita 's unique and over-the-top hairstyles .     he confessed that her blonde mane requires a lot of ` maintenance ' and has to be bleached every three weeks .     unlike kim kardashian however , chris does n't believe rita will be going back to brunette any time soon .
porto host bayern munich in their champions league quarter-final first leg .     the match on wednesday brings together the two highest scoring teams .     managers julen lopetegui and pep guardiola were barcelona team-mates .     lopetegui said his side is still evolving with new talent from the summer .
a letter of thanks penned by masters champion jordan spieth when he was 16-years-old has surfaced which reinforces his nice guy image .     six years ago the pga golfer was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in dallas , which was funded by the murphy family who he thanks in his letter .     ` thanks again for your kindness , ' wrote the then number one junior golfer in the country in his best handwriting .     spieth won countless plaudits following sunday 's masters victory not just for his golf but also his humble attitude .
once heard on stage , in the street and at work , whistling is on the decline .     end of variety shows , working class jobs and rise of mobiles contributed .     poll shows 70 percent heard more whistling twenty or thirty years ago .     popular in the life of brian and 1980s pop songs , now the whistle is out .
australian plus-size model laura wells talks to women 's weekly .     size 14 beauty reveals the extreme diets of her room mates in new york .     says agents told models to follow extreme diet for fashion week .     last week france passed law banning excessively thin models .     agents and brands who do not comply will face fines and imprisonment .
paula duncan is an australian actress famous for ` ajax spray 'n' wipe ' ad .     previously starred in seventies shows ` the young doctors ' and ` cop shop '     jessica orcsik , daughter of duncan , found her after suicide attempt .     duncan talks candidly about feeling rejected and attempting to take her life .
stylist lily melrose has imaginative ways to update your wardrobe .     uk blogger shares diy tips to take winter clothes into spring on the cheap .     they include bejewelling sunglasses and fringing boots .
peggy drexler : video of toya graham hitting son as she drags him from protests has raised questions . was she a hero ? abusive ?     neither , she says ; she was a mom trying to steer her adolescent in a heated city conflict , and more moms need this kind of commitment .
clarkson has not spoken publicly about sacking since news broke in march .     he today gave ` heartfelt thanks ' to fans , saying he would ` miss being there '     rippon , 70 , keen to return to show and wants woman in presenting line-up .     meanwhile , bosses are reportedly trying to cling onto james may and richard hammond .
letourneau and vili fualaau and their two teenage daughters spoke to barbara walters in a 20/20 interview that will air friday .     letourneau and fualaau got close as she gave him extra help with his artwork when she was his sixth-grade teacher in 1996 .     she said that she thought they would be able to stop at just a kiss but it went much further - and she fell pregnant when he was just 13 .     she served a few months in jail and fell pregnant with his second child within weeks ; she was then sent back to prison for seven years .     but a year after her release in 2004 , they married and are still together .     vili fualaau lamented that he did n't have the right support as a young father of two girls and detailed his history of depression .
the singer had been off the scene for a while .     she says she was bedridden for months .     lavigne was sometimes too weak to shower .
dartmouth is the only ivy league school in an early primary state , giving he school enormous influence and a recurring role hosting primary debates .     random sampling of 50 students found just nine who said hillary clinton would make a good president .     seven of those nine said they knew little about her political baggage .     age and gender do n't matter to millennial academic elites , but they 're concerned about clinton extending barack obama 's foreign policy .     clinton will visit new hampshire on monday and tuesday for the first time since her campaign launch a week ago .
the yeatman has been open for just five years , but has the feel of a place steeped in decades-old tradition .     there is a wine theme throughout the five-star hotel , with guests enjoying amazing views of the douro river .     the hotel is built into a hill in vila nova de gaia , with almost every room themed after a portuguese winery .
david cameron has admitted that he and wife samantha were ` falling apart '     frank admission over pressure of trying to care for their disabled son ivan .     ivan was born with rare disorder - ohtahara syndrome - and died aged six .
both designers sent models down runway with sequins glued to faces .     highlight shows of wednesday included steven khalil and kate sylvester .     manning cartell show to attract star front row in the evening .
walter scott owed over $ 18,000 in back child support payments , documents show .     walter scott had four children and served in the coast guard , his brother says .     he was shot in the back and killed by a north charleston police officer .
gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 ; he was dead seven days later .     gray was placed inside a police van after his arrest ; it 's unclear if anything happened inside the van .     gray has a criminal history but it 's unclear whether that had anything to do with his arrest , or death .
one of the earliest televisors is expected to fetch up to # 22k at auction .     forerunner of the television was manufactured in 1928 and cost around # 26 .     television had tiny , poor quality picture - little bigger than a postage stamp .
class of '92 owners of salford city discuss their non-league club .     paul scholes , phil neville and gary neville co-own alongside former manchester united team-mates nicky butt and ryan giggs .     salford currently top the evo-stik league first division north .
robert gentile was charged with selling a firearm to an undercover agent .     but his attorney claims the arrest was a ruse to get gentile to talk about the 1990 boston art heist at the isabel stewart gardner museum .     gentile 's house was searched in 2012 and police found a list of the stolen art pieces and their estimated value , as well as police uniforms .     the half-a-billion heist remains unsolved and fbi has never come close to finding thieves .     gardner museum continues to display empty frames , and is offering $ 5million reward for the return of the works .
during a question and answer session at the white house for children , a little girl named anya brodie asked michelle obama her age .     when obama told brodie that she was 51 brodie exclaimed , ` you 're too young for 51 ! '     on wednesday the white house hosted their annual take our daughters and sons to work day .
anthony ray hinton was freed apri 3 , decades after conviction for two murders .     things like using a fork , getting used to the dark are challenges now that he 's out .     he says his sense of humor helped him survive 30 years in prison .
tsarnaev family members arrive in boston , but it 's not clear if they 'll testify .     a woman testifies that she had to choose whether to keep her leg ; some other victims had no choice .     starting monday , the defense is expected to call witnesses to explain dzhokhar tsarnaev 's difficult upbringing .
google has been steadily revealing some of the biggest questions its users have typed into the search engine regarding 2016 presidential candidates .     many of the questions focused on candidates ' ages and heights .     others have asked about where candidates are from and their political party affiliations .
haley fox , 24 , of turner , oregon , fractured 26-year-old samuel campbell 's skull with a baseball bat at her home last wednesday .     she offered him wine at her home and then told him to ` close his eyes '     fox and campbell , of adger , alabama , had been in a relationship for around two years after meeting online .
horse won by rugby star mike tindall at boozy auction wins him # 105,000 .     former england player bought monbeg dude for # 12,000 at charity event .     tindall and wife zara phillips celebrate at aintree after outsider came third .     sport star tweets he is lost for words and emotions following surprise win .
video of toya graham going to a protest and forcefully removing her son went viral , drew a lot of praise .     the single mother of six tells cnn her son was scolded that he was n't brought up that way .     michael singleton says he knows his mom was trying to protect him .
osborne sits down with the mail on sunday while on the campaign trail .     reveals how much has changed since he was booed at 2012 paralympics .     warns britain will become an economic basket case under labour .     hits out at rival 's ` sanctimonious rubbish ' about standing up for the many .
judge judy and her husband jerry sheindlin were particularly playful at the women 's guild cedars-sinai luncheon where she was the honoree .     the emmy-winning tv judge just renewed her tv contract with cbs for another three years .     she reportedly earns $ 47 million a year - the highest paid personality on television .
laura robson has not played since january 2014 due to a wrist problem .     she has had surgery and is now reportedly eyeing a french open return .     robson took time out to enjoy some country music at tortuga festival .
stunning tale came from white house domestic help who tended to the clintons ' every need during the 1990s .     book published today is based on more than 100 interviews with ordinary non-political staff who ran america 's presidential mansion .     one former head of the household staff said : they were about the most paranoid people i 'd ever seen in my life '     another staff member said he was fired after he helped former first lady barbara bush with her computer because clintons feared he was gossiping .     a third recalled listening as bill and hillary fought during the monica lewinsky saga , with hillary once calling him a ` g * ddamn b * stard '
jordan brennan , 17 , died after being attacked in a manchester corner shop .     he was assaulted by teen who thought his ethnicity was being mocked .     the killer , now 17 , was jailed for eight months after admitting manslaughter .     jordan 's mother , kim , says the sentence is an insult to her son 's memory .
car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday .     the parents swam to the surface but the two boys were trapped .     both died were pronounced dead in hospital .     the adults are in a fair condition .     police are investigating whether the crash was intentional .     the victims have not been identified .     firefighter miguel meza who dove into the water has been hailed a hero .
international fellowship of christians and jews has brought 600 jews to israel since december .     the margolin family is among them ; their home in eastern ukraine was bombed .
round four of the 2015 formula one season takes place at the sakhir circuit for the bahrain grand prix .     bahrain was the first country from the middle-east to hold a world championship grand prix in 2004 .     fernando alonso is the most successful driver in sakhir having won three times in the desert .     lewis hamilton looks for second win in bahrain in bid to make it three out of four victories in 2015 season .     click here for all the latest f1 news .
craig dawson set to return to west brom defence after serving ban .     but youssouf mulumbu starts three-match suspension .     matthew upson and dean hammond available for leicester city .     hammond has been sidelined since january but is back in training .
jimmy anderson will make 100th test appearance for england on monday .     england play the west indies in the first of three test matches .     anderson reveals he has no plans to retire and still feels fit .     the 32-year-old admits low periods during his early career spurred him on .
a study published in tuesday 's journal of the american medical association revealed the figures .     almost 30 million health records nationwide were involved in criminal theft , malicious hacking or other data breaches over four years .     compromised information included patients ' names , home addresses , ages , illnesses , test results or social security numbers .     most involved electronic data and theft , including stolen laptops and computer thumb drives .     cyber-security experts say thieves may try to use patients ' personal information to fraudulently obtain medical services .
ring is an illusion created by the chance alignment of two galaxies .     albert einstein predicted the illusion in his theory of general relativity .     this predicts the gravity of a closer galaxy will bend light a distant one .
sami khedira will not be offered a new deal by real madrid .     manchester united and chelsea are interested in the world cup winner .     inter milan hope to agree a deal with manchester city for stevan jovetic .     newcastle are considering a move for fulham 's ross mccormack .     stoke could add mohamed el ouriachi to their other ex-barcelona players .
bournemouth secured promotion on monday with victory against bolton .     eddie howe has put bournemouth on map after leading them to top flight .     jamie redknapp always believed howe was destined for success .
west indies reach 155 for four at stumps on day two of first test .     hosts still 244 runs adrift of england 's first innings total of 399 .     resuming on 341 for five , england 's final five wickets fell for 58 .     jimmy anderson , chris jordan , stuart broad and james tredwell all take a wicket each in west indies ' first innings at sir viv richards stadium .     anderson has 381 test wickets , two less than sir ian botham .     shiv chanderpaul 29 * and jermaine blackwood 30 * at stumps .     nasser hussain : jimmy anderson is still the sultan of swing .
doctors believe low fluid intake led to david crossley 's kidney stones .     ultrasound and ct scan revealed two very large stones in his right kidney .     one in ten of us will develop a kidney stone , and the numbers are rising .     changing diet trends such as low-carb are also pushing sufferer figures up .     ` animal proteins break down into uric acid - a known stone-former '
marseille prosecutor says `` so far no videos were used in the crash investigation '' despite media reports .     journalists at bild and paris match are `` very confident '' the video clip is real , an editor says .     andreas lubitz had informed his lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression , airline says .
portrait of a weeping child was spotted at scene of house fires in yorkshire .     burnings of copies of painting were organised to rid britain of its ` curse '     haunted bunk beds of wisconsin terrorised a whole family in late 1980s .     four people said to have died after sitting on philadelphia ` death chair '
georgia gov. nathan deal signs a medical marijuana bill .     the bill is inspired by haleigh cox , a 5-year-old whose seizures threatened her life .
we 've enjoyed some of the highest temperatures of the year this week .     the range starts at # 31,995 and the audi can cost as much as # 50,000 .     no matter how good , the new audi tt still has nothing on the 1999 model .     with the sunshine beaming this week and some of the highest temperatures recorded so far this year , what better moment to splash out on the new third-generation audi tt roadster . it goes on sale this month . just the time to get the roof off on this softtop german sports car , which has established itself as a firm favourite in the 16 years it has been on the road .     i drove the fully stocked four-wheel-drive 2-litre tfsi in s-line quattro trim with 230 bhp , which was adept at whipping around the cotswolds in style .     sure-footed and fun to drive with lively acceleration that takes it from rest to 62 mph in just 6.1 seconds up to a top speed electronically limited to 155 mph . co2 emissions are a fair 154g/km .     supportively cossetting sports seats leave you sitting comfortably at the wheel .     a nicely tuned exhaust pipe gives the tt roadster a most satisfying ` brrrm brrrm ' .     you wo n't break the bank at the filling station . even with the satisfying performance you 'll average 43.5 mpg , rising to 52.3 mpg when cruising and still managing a respectable 33.6 mpg around town .     great wind-in-the-hair motoring with a top that will come down in ten seconds at speeds of up to 31mph , and a more streamlined body .     it 's easy to make a hands-free phone call with the automatic three-layer fabric hood down because microphones are embedded in the safety belt .     auto-dim led headlights have been transferred across from the flagship audi a8 saloon .     if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . though this version is on an allnew platform , the progression is evolution , not revolution .     the car i drove cost well in excess of # 50,000 . the range starts from # 31,995 for the 2-litre tdi sport in six-speed manual .     the optional open-top driving package includes head-level heating to keep your bonce from getting chilly , an electrically operated wind deflector , which stops parky draughts whistling behind your neck , and handily heated super sports seats .     no matter how good , nothing will have the jaw-dropping impact on the car market as the original audi tt of 1999 . it was dubbed the ` bauhaus bullet ' because of its clean , minimalist lines reminiscent of the german art movement of the twenties and early thirties .     hefty prestige price tag . the base price of the car i drove was # 41,630 . but it was loaded up with extras adding another # 13,000 -- or the price of a half-decent family runaround .     these include an open-top driving package -lrb- # 1,000 -rrb- , rotorgrey fine nappa leather and super-sports seats -lrb- # 1,390 -rrb- , a comfort and sound package -lrb- # 1,590 -rrb- , technology package -lrb- # 1,795 -rrb- , electric front seats -lrb- # 995 -rrb- , 19 in twin-spoke alloy wheels -lrb- # 450 -rrb- , metallic paint -lrb- # 545 -rrb- , and led headlights -lrb- # 945 -rrb- .
chris jans was fired for ` acting aggressively and inappropriately ' at the bar on march 21 .     parents of woman he touched at the local venue filmed his behavior .     they also accused him of moving a woman 's head towards his crotch .     made one girl walk infront of him so he could ` evaluate her assets '     jans , who had a $ 325,000 contract , is married and has two children .     university said his behavior ` failed to meet the obligations of a head coach '
easter favourites , hot cross buns , used to be eaten all year round .     queen elizabeth i tried to ban them but allowed them to be eaten at easter .     now supermarkets are bringing out more varieties to tempt customers .
roger federer won first match since losing indian wells final in march .     the 17-time major champion won 6-2 , 6-1 against jeremy chardy .     federer will take on gael monfils for place in quarter-finals .
ian poulter is on holiday just weeks before the first major of the year .     but poulter insists he will return fit and ready for assault on augusta .     the golfer has secured two top-10 finishes at augusta in the last five years .     he admits retiring without a major victory would leave him unfulfilled .
35-year-old , father-of-two from griffith suffers from hodgkin 's disease .     he says the non-taxpayer subsidised treatment improved his condition .     the treatment costs a total of $ 16,000 every three weeks .     his ` my name is chris ' campaign helped raise money needed for treatment .     it has been so successful he has been able to go back to work part-time .     ` my name is chris ' was launched in mid-january following chris 's relapse .
gaby tillero and greg ensslen bought the home after a church claimed they wanted to demolish it and expand their lot .     the home was dismantled and stored for a year before the couple found a lot across new orleans that would fit the home 's dimensions .     tillero and her husband ensslen now live in the home with their two sons , six-year-old santiago and nine-year-old javier , as well as tillero 's mother , olga tillero .     the couple stayed true to the cottage 's floor plan , while converting it from a duplex to a single-family home .     they used salvaged and recycled materials to decorate the interior and exterior of the home .
hillary clinton developed a close relationship with the financial world as a new york senator .     clinton 's allies there are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors .     her coziness with wall street irritates liberal activists , who are a growing influence in the democratic party .
turia pitt said she starts to sweat and her mouth dries up when she talks about her traumatic bushfire ordeal .     she also revealed she was back running and clocked a faster time than before she was injured .     the revelation follows after surgeons successfully constructed a new nose .     but the 27-year-old stopped breathing on the operating table .     ms pitt had to be placed on an incubator in order to survive the operation .     when she woke up in intensive care , she said she just wanted to die .     but ms pitt is now proudly showing off her new facial feature .
wigan posted a 30-20 win against warrington on thursday night .     ben flower was making his first appearance for wigan in six months .     flower was banned following his red card in last year 's grand final .     the wales forward was sent off for an attack on lance hohaia .     sam tomkins is also returning to wigan on a four-deal next season .
fabian delph and jack grealish impressed for aston villa at wembley .     villa captain delph scored to send tim sherwood 's men to fa cup final .     grealish is a similar player to former england star steve mcmanaman .     villa boss tim sherwood has got the club 's passion and excitement back .     leicester look the most likely of the promoted clubs to stay up .     the foxes have six games remaining , four of which are at home .
this is week three of an ongoing series : a catholic reads the bible . read week one and week two .     this week 's reading is a lot to take in . literally .
`` twin peaks '' creator david lynch announced he was departing the showtime revival of the cult series sunday .     cast members of the show posted a youtube video wednesday pleading for him to return .     wednesday was the series ' 25th anniversary .
judges scored the contest 113-112 , 112-113 , 113-113 - a tie .     irishman lee was floored in the first round but fought back admirably .     he threw more punches and connected more regularly than his opponent .     quillin had failed to make the required weight of 160lbs on friday .     reigning wbo middleweight champion lee went distance for first time .     and he did most of it with a strained biceps muscle in his left arm .
dornoch in scotland is pointing tourists towards the local abattoir .     the attraction is listed beneath the toilet , doctor and the town 's museum .     visitors hoping to experience the slaughterhouse face disappointment .     the abattoir has been closed for several years and is being demolished .
the couple are reportedly renewing their wedding vows in the french capital .     kim kardashian shared pictures from the baptism of her daughter north , held at saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city .     the 12th century church sits within the armenian quarter of the old city , the reputed site of the crucifixion of jesus christ .     khloe kardashian is godmother , while a priest acted as north 's godfather .     north wore white baptismal gown in keeping with traditionthe youngster is now a christian and a member of the armenian church .
no one knows who put up the signs in the municipality of lastres .     the signs show a figure defecating within a red circle with a line across it .     angry residents claim pilgrims have defecated outside their homes .
the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity at clemson university was penalized for holding a christmas theme party that flared up racial tensions .     white students dressed in red and blue bandanas , t-shirts with images of the late rapper tupac shakur and sported fake ` thug ' tattoos .     photos from the party flooded social media and were accompanied by comments such as : ` merry cripmas to all , and all a hood night '     the incident caused a backlash as black students protested and said clemson was n't doing enough to promote racial tolerance .
several of nepal 's best known landmarks have been destroyed by the earthquake of april 25 .     but outside the capital kathmandu there is hope that many have survived .
kim kardashian shared frantic last-minute easter basket preparations .     mariah carey was up late at night baking chocolate easter cupcakes .     amanda holden and myleene klass posted sweet snaps of their egg hunts .
`` we have the power and ... today shows we have the numbers , '' says a protester .     the justice department is looking into whether a civil rights violation occurred .     autopsy results on gray show that he died from a severe injury to his spinal cord .
thief stole 124 watches from vintage watch shop in hampstead , london .     he scaled two-storey building before slipping through a 4sq ft roof vent .     then squeezed down narrow chute and snaked along floor to avoid beam .     owner simon drachman compared saturday night heist to tom cruise film .
ronald anderson , 48 , was arrested and charged for the crime spree .     anderson was previously convicted of manslaughter and arrested in an assault case involving his ` visibly afraid ' girlfriend .     the kidnapped woman was found safe - she may be related to suspect .     the guard , lawrence buckner , died at a hospital in cheverly , maryland .     officer and suspect both conscious when they were taken for medical care .     guard saw two people fighting in a car that matched the description of a vehicle described in a report of an armed kidnapping .     incident took place at gate of u.s. census bureau in suitland , maryland .
fa chairman greg dyke wants to increase the minimum homegrown players in a premier league squad of 25 from eight to 12 .     arsenal manager arsene wenger has criticised the proposal .     wenger has had his fair share of dud buys for the gunners .     perhaps he should pay attention to building a core of homegrown players .     click here for the latest premier league news .
iowa-based writer daniel p. finney , 39 , weighed 563lbs when he started sharing his weight loss journey a month ago in the des moines register .     he knew it was time to shape up after x-rays found arthritis and a narrowing of his spinal cavity .     daniel , who is already down 20lbs , is attempting to lose the weight without surgery but is terrified to give up pizza and nachos .
queen arrived at st george 's chapel alongside the duke of edinburgh and was dressed in a bright blue coat and hat .     couple were joined by family members including princess beatrice , the countess of wessex and autumn phillips .     they were greeted by the dean of windsor , the right reverend david connor , who led the easter day service .
the landgate cottage in rye is outfitted in an earthy atomic age aesthetic .     travel to brighton to experience the era of brit-pop at wonderland cottage .     and nothing says 1970s nostalgia like renting your own vw campervan .
women 's tennis stars attended opening ceremony of porsche grand prix .     maria sharapova , caroline wozniacki , sabine lisicki , angelique kerber and ana ivanovic were among the players on show .     with serena williams missing , simona halep could overtake three times winner sharapova as world no 2 .
john bramblitt developed epilepsy aged 11 and went blind when he was 30 .     after going blind , bramblitt began creating the most amazing artworks .     some of his art features scenes and people he has never seen before .     despite being blind , his art is highly accurate and incredibly vibrant .
svetlana kuznetsova beats julia goerges in straight sets in fed cup .     anastasia pavlyuchenkova defeats sabine lisicki for 2-0 lead .
chelsea travel to the emirates to face arsenal on sunday afternoon .     jose mourinho has an impressive record against arsene wenger .     despite that , wenger can not be underestimated - he plays to win .     cesc fabregas has impressed this season , but he would not necessarily have had the same impact if he had joined arsenal from barcelona .
fireball cinnamon whisky is the fastest-growing big brand of liquor in america .     the liquor has dethroned jagermeister as america 's party shot of choice .     whisky expert : `` fireball is an incredible phenomenon . the growth ... has just been astounding ''
pepperdine university seeks ways to meet new usage allowances , turns off fountains .     drought-stricken california for the first time imposes water restrictions .     executive order demands that cities and towns reduce water usage by 25 % .
left back posted screenshot of text message conversation on instagram .     in it , his mum thanks 22-year-old for wiping ` all my debt away '     the ipswich defender drew praise from his followers for generosity .     mings gave tickets to a ` skint ' ipswich supporter back in 2013 .     and he bought shirts for two fans in 2014 after his number was changed .
our beauty expert says ` frizz nightmare ' hair like deborah 's can be a battle .     she sent her to the taylor ferguson salon in glasgow .     had the nanokeratin system hair relaxing treatment -lrb- from # 195 -rrb- .     ` the coarse texture has gone and my hair has never felt so smooth ! '
nicola adams and her family were at home during the break-in .     but thieves left with two cars , training kit , and other valuables .     adams will not fight at english national championships this weekend .     abae chief mark abberley called decision ` completely understandable '
a company called ultrahaptics has developed a technology to create 3d shapes in mid-air .     a tactile sensation is provided by ultrasonic waves , which alter air pressure .     the technology could be applied to electronic devices , car dashboards , and virtual reality headsets .
mohonk mountain house is a ` castle ' retreat 90 minutes from new york .     the hotel sits blissfully on the banks of lake mohonk in the hudson valley .     the hotel was originally built as a drinking inn 145 years ago before quaker twins albert and alfred smiley made it a dry retreat - the bar is now open .
kim and kanye west recently visited armenia to retrace her family 's roots .     reality star used to favour miami beach and las vegas hotels and bars .     paris is also a new favourite destination , since her hen do there last year .
man posted advertisement seeking ` girlfriend/wife ' on gumtree .     rich , 31 , says potential partner would be showered with gifts and benefits .     post says the lucky girl would a gym membership , phone , laptop and car .     ` previous applicants need not apply -lrb- no exs -rrb- ' the advertisement says .
head of libyan army tells cnn libyan authorities have not been consulted .     gen. khalifa haftar says libya will `` look after '' its interests .     solution to migration problem requires lifting of sanctions , general says .
alex elenes persuaded his cousin to go to the amazon over machu picchu .     he booked many exciting tours including a jungle trek and piranha fishing .     the traveller slept through the entire trip , missing sloths and monkeys .     his cousin roxy de la rosa posted the hilarious pictures on reddit .
arsenal host liverpool in the premier league on saturday afternoon .     victory for arsenal will see the gunners move into second in the league .     defeat for liverpool will see them trail the gunners by nine points .
australian fashion designer alex perry wo n't show at this year 's mbfwa .     the designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row .     this will be the designer 's second mbfwa he has missed in two decades .     perry is now focusing on global expansion in asia and middle east .
filmmaker michael könig from cologne , germany has created an amazing video showing solar activity .     it was made by stitching together footage from nasa 's solar dynamics observatory over five years .     the footage includes loops of ` coronal rain ' showering the surface of the sun .     transits of the moon , venus and earth are also seen - and a comet breezes through the outer solar atmosphere .
steve davis will attempt to qualify for the betfred world championship .     the 57-year-old is a six-time world champion at the crucible .     but davis admitted he is not fully committed to the sport .     jimmy white and reanne evans are also hoping to qualify .
timothy stanley : hillary clinton running for president , but it 's not clear what she stands for . there are grounds for a liberal primary challenge .     he says democrats who call for reform offer only hillary clinton . she 's formidable candidate , but where are bold new ideas ?
reports have linked chelsea with a move for valencia 's andre gomes .     but the midfielder says wants to stay with the la liga side next season .     gomes has scored four league goals in 25 appearances this term .
hundreds of survivalists and ` preppers ' gathered in utah suburb friday .     learned new ways to deal with zombie apocalypse or a natural disaster .     shown underground bunkers , tactical weapons and an armed $ 2,500 motoped survival bike .     taught how to store food and dressed as zombies for special contest .     also met actors from amc hit show the walking dead , like addy miller .     scott stallings , one of preppercon 's founders , said utah made sense for the first expo because of the mormon culture 's emphasis on self-reliance .
kathy hughes called her dad doug hughes ' a patriot ' for landing his gyrocopter on the west lawn last week to protest campaign finance laws .     speaking out on monday , mr hughes called the journey ' a huge thrill ' and said he never feared he 'd be shot down .     he said it would be worth losing his job and going to jail if the country took note of his message .     he faces four years in prison for crossing a no-fly zone and is under house arrest in florida before a hearing in washington d.c. next month .
leroy j. toppins went missing 6pm friday from his parents ' front yard .     major search was launched , with 100 locals joining in to help .     divers found the boy 's body in a run-off pond at 7pm saturday .     the quarry was adjacent to the family 's home .     police do not suspect foul play .
matilda kahl , an art director at saatchi & saatchi , owns 15 of the same white shirt and several pairs of plain black trousers .     she has just had to invest in 15 new shirts from zara because the others are now too worn to wear but has no other plans to change her ` uniform '
slovenian-born aljaz bedene secured a british passport last month .     international tennis federation ruled bedene ca n't play for great britain .     ruling comes after bedene played twice for slovenia in 2010 and 2011 .     rusedski , who switched to britain from canada , offered his support .     bedene 's world no 99 ranking puts him only behind andy murray in britain .     murray backed bedene 's switch saying it would motivate those below him .
heartbroken mother speaks out about the brutal murder of her baby son .     baby zayden was murdered as his family slept during a random robbery .     harley hicks , 19 , attacked the 10-month-old baby in an ice-fuelled rampage .     casey veal opened up about the pain she lives with since her son 's death .     it comes as the federal government announced a task force this week to combat the ` national ice epidemic '
cab driver sings along to pavarotti word perfectly and in tune .     passenger is shocked and congratulates the man while filming .
restaurant critic and festival curator leo schofield said living in tasmania was the unhappiest time of his life .     he said the government cut funding to a festival he was setting up by 25 % .     the struggle for funding led him to develop acute depression .     he criticised locals for wanting to ` dig it up , chop it down , sell it to the chinese '     spokesperson for state 's tourism industry council said his comments were ` blatant mistruths '
yingying dou , 30 , reportedly ran the website called mymaster .     she charged up to $ 1000 for her staff to write university essays .     website was written in chinese and advertised to international students .
les abend : there were likely warning signs during the co-pilot 's training .     he says andreas lubitz had to go through many challenges to qualify to be a co-pilot .
raheem sterling has turned down a liverpool deal worth # 100,000-a-week .     20-year-old gave an interview to the bbc on wednesday over the issue .     jamie carragher : four reasons why sterling has got it wrong over deal .
warning : graphic language .     national right to life committee wrote the legislation , which bans the use of medical instruments to remove a fetus from the uterus in pieces .     gov. sam brownback made so-called ` dismemberment ' abortions illegal , beginning july 1 .     exceptions were made for situations where carrying a baby to term would irreversibly damage a woman 's health or threaten her life .     there are no exceptions for incest or rape .     governor 's office calls procedure ` horrific ' ; abortion-rights groups are considering lawsuits against the state .
the new rules come barely a year after deeply unpopular restrictions enacted last march burned many inked soldiers .     army chief of staff gen. ray odierno said the changes are being made in response to soldier feedback .     the unpopular old rules banned tats below the knee or elbows and put limits on the size and number of tattoos , which will no longer be the case .
furniture company , steelcase , has created the brody worklounge .     lounges are designed to ` be good for your body and good for your brain '     brody provides shelter from visual distractions with privacy screens while featuring cushion that adapts to each person 's size .     in recent years many companies have embraced open offices with about 70 per cent of u.s. offices having no or low partitions .     a 2013 study revealed noise and privacy loss are the main source of workspace dissatisfaction .
albertville , alabama high school junior joy webb , 17 , took her grandfather james drain , 80 , as her date to prom last saturday .     the teen says she asked her grandfather to be her date because he never got to attend his own prom .     drain was 17 when he enlisted in the navy to serve in the korean war , so missed his own high school dance .
both tiger woods and rory mcilroy took part in the practice session at augusta national golf club ahead of the masters 2015 .     woods was making his return to action and his first appearance for 60 days since taking a break from golf to regain form .     he was given a warm welcome by the crowd and looked confident as he made his way around the course .     mcilroy , meanwhile , teed off with promising young british starlet bradley neil .
hail stones the size of plums crashed down over the south and midwest on tuesday with residents capturing the freak weather .     along with hail , lighting and thunder also hit arkansas and parts of mississippi .     according to the weather channel , the storms will move across the midwest on wednesday with st louis , louisville , memphis , indianapolis , little rock , oklahoma city and dallas hit hardest .     on thursday the icy blasts are set to drift south , hitting cities including memphis , jackson and knoxville .
alton hines , the fiancé of leah o'brien , 33 , the beloved teacher killed in a car crash on april 25 , is speaking out about the night the woman died .     the other driver , 19-year-old ramiro pedemonte is facing charges including homicide , reckless driving , and serious injury by motor vehicle .     police determined that pedemonte was going over 100 mph when he hit o'brien .     authorities say pedemonte was on probation at the time of the accident with a june 2014 charge of of possession with intent to distribute .
matty taylor could make first burnley appearance since august .     but dean marney and kevin long both remain long term absentees .     laurent koscielny and wojciech szczesny face fitness tests for arsenal .     jack wilshere , mikel arteta & abou diaby back in contention for gunners .
yesterday was officially hottest day of 2015 with a high of 22.7 c - with temperatures rising to 25c today .     weather caused by warm air from azores is creating conditions we might usually experience in july or august .     it is set to get cooler later in the week but temperatures will remain higher than the average for this time of year .     families are warned to use suncream if they are relaxing outside while firefighters issue warning over fire risks .
infant 's extremities have been called ` pigs ' trotters ' by local reporters .     her dad vowed to find work in binzhou city to pay for surgery for the girl .     but he has n't been seen since he left home four months ago .     his family are deep in poverty and ca n't afford even basic medical care .
olivia , 28 , has teamed up with luxury british brand to create # 995 bag .     comes with built-in phone charger and all proceeds will go to charity .     pippa middleton , kim sears and mollie king are fans of luxury brand .
dc , partners introduce dc super hero girls , intended for girls 6-12 .     reaction mostly favorable -- but some caveats .
in the first three months of the year , 434,775 waited longer than four hours .     over the past year , more than 1.4 m forced to wait longer than target time .     a&e waiting times have soared to their worst level in more than 10 years .     it 's now 89 weeks since a&e s met their waiting targets , figures show .
sentiers de transhumance track 's been used by shepherd for centuries .     sign-posted route is an easier equivalent to the famed gr20 hiking trail .     accommodation ranged from small auberges to family-run hotels .     in the seaside resort of porto a 16th century genoese tower stands guard .
brian klawiter posted a message on his company 's facebook page announcing that openly gay people are not welcome at his business .     he claims the decision is based on his religious views and michigan does n't currently have laws in place preventing such discrimination .     critics have accused him of trying to cash in on the anti-gay backlash which netted an indiana pizzeria over $ 840,000 earlier this month .     klawiter claims he does n't need the money and has a successful business but at least one manfacturer has asked him to remove its logo from his site .
in a leaked sony email cameron crowe mocks bruce jenner 's gender transition with amy pascal .     when the director is asked if he has anything to show pascal from his new movie aloha he responds ; ` does bruce jenner want boobs ? hell yes '     aloha , which stars emma stone and bradley cooper , was blasted in a previously leaked email by pascal .
the 25-year-old signed for cardiff from stade rennais for # 2.1 million .     but the defender has been on loan with st etienne this season .     the club have an option to make the deal permanent for # 1.5 million .     st etienne will not take up an option to sign norwich striker ricky van wolfswinkel on a permanent deal .
kelly kreth had a traumatic encounter with a sociopath in her own life and became inspired to learn about the inner workings of a criminal mind .     six years and 600 prison letters later , kreth says a sociopath is a person ` who wants to feel like the smartest person in the room '     ` they do it for the thrill , ' kreth said , adding that she does not condone any of the perpetrators crimes .     kreth says she wants to write to alleged murderer robert durst .
pj spraggins was perfect match for wife tracy , who suffers from lupus .     but he was told he was not eligible as his blood pressure was too high .     she was placed on the seven-year-long transplant list at end of 2013 .     spraggins embarked on year-long fitness regime until he made the grade .     they both underwent surgery in february 2015 .
exclusive : farage has abandoned hopes of winning dozens of seats .     party officials admit most candidates are being left to their own devices .     among the seats dropped from the list of hopefuls is folkestone and hythe .     ukip candidate janice atkinson was replaced after expenses scandal .
siobhan-marie o'connor won her second title of the british championships .     the 19-year-old also sealed a place in britain 's world championships team .
david cameron and wife samantha made a visit to a temple in kent .     wore traditional headwear , chatted and posed for selfies during parade .     comes just a day after cameron attended the festival of life in london .
grenada is known as the ` island of spice ' , and is full of foodie flavours .     celebrity chef rosemary shrager spent a week on the caribbean island .     favourite local dishes include goat 's cheese and salt fish fritters .
manny pacquiao posed for a picture with jeremy lin and mario lopez .     the filipino took to instagram to post snap of his ripped physique .     pacquiao is counting down the days ` until the blessed event ' in las vegas .     read : floyd mayweather admits he no longer enjoys boxing '     click here to watch pacquiao 's open media workout live .
truck drivers in victoria are dealing drugs using codes over their radios .     it has been reported that 1 in 12 truck drivers are high when pulled over .     according to a former truckie , the trend is more common that you think .     a video has appeared online showing a man snorting ice behind the wheel .     he is driving a 40-tonne rig and says it is for his fatigue .     many are rorting the system so they can drive for 16 hours a day .
superfans have set up camp outside st mary 's hospital in paddington .     police have also begun making final preparations and conducted a search .     duchess of cambridge is due to give birth to baby number two this week .     prince william has completed his air ambulance training course early .     the royal will now be able to remain in london with his pregnant wife .
atletico madrid 0-0 real madrid : click here for martin samuel 's report .     atletico have a knack for replacing star players with others just as good .     jan oblak is the latest , having replaced goalkeeper thibaut courtois .     mario mandzukic looks to be a suitable replacement for diego costa .
tells rolling stone in revealing interview how she was never a fan of her father 's band , preferring oasis .     speaking about the documentary film she executive produced montage of heck she says her dad ` never wanted to be the voice of a generation '     suggests he killed himself because ` the world demanded he sacrifice every bit of himself to his art '     says his former band mates are freaked out by how much she looks and sounds like him .     kurt cobain was found shot dead in his home exactly 21 years ago on wednesday , aged 27 .
customers are treating over-loved bags at handbag clinic in chelsea .     set up to rejuvenate high-end accessories in need of a face-lift or repair .     company say they are now repairing bags worth # 20,000 every day .     famous clients include imogen thomas and made in chelsea stars .
neymar scored twice as barcelona eased through at the nou camp .     brazilian ace did his best to embarrass fellow countryman david luiz .     former chelsea defender endured a horrendous night in barcelona .     dani alves did his best to earn a new contract as he impressed throughout .
looking after a newborn is one of the most exhausting periods in life .     new mums are surviving on little sleep and providing round-the-clock care .     when friends and family visit the baby , they have several annoying habits .     parenting blogger emily-jane clark shows how not to annoy a new mum .
residents of alderholt woke up yesterday to discover the big surprise .     nobody has an idea who is behind the wonderful and generous gesture .     residents took to facebook in order to thank the mystery benefactor .     local resident tracey feltham said : ` it 's such a wonderful act of kindness '
researchers are developing a computer that can write weather forecasts .     it takes meteorological data and writes a report designed to mimic a human .     this process is known as ` natural language generation ' -lrb- nlg -rrb- .     a prototype system will be tested on the bbc website later this year .
sokaze-ki q uses fluid dynamics to boost how much air is released .     air is brought through the rear of the 10-inch -lrb- 25cm -rrb- device .     a ` high-pressure jet airflow ' then turns this air into blast of directed ` wind '     the ` q ' fan is on sale in japan for ¥ 39,350 -lrb- # 220 -rrb- .
cbs news ` face the nation ' moderator bob schieffer announced wednesday at the texas journalism school named for him that he 'll be retiring this summer .     schieffer is a former newspaper reporter at the fort worth star-telegram .     he joined cbs news in 1969 and has been the network 's chief washington correspondent since 1992 .     he began at the political affairs show ` face the nation ' in 1991 , asking direct questions to politicians in a texas twang .     covered the assassination of jfk and 11 presidential campaigns - dating back to richard nixon .
` temporary assistance for needy families ' funds can buy goods and services beyond food and necessities intended by program 's designers .     tattoos , manicures , lingerie , jewelry , movie tickets , cruises and pornography will also be off the list if gov. sam brownback signs a bill .     republicans in kansas also want to limit benefit recipients to $ 25 per day in cash withdrawals with their government-issued welfare debit cards .     democrats say it 's mean-spirited and will make welfare enrollees think they 're ` less ' valuable ` than other people '     brownback 's administration has shrunk the tanf rolls by 60 per cent since 2011 ; the law would also force recipients to try to find work .
uss oklahoma was lost during japanese attack on pearl harbor in 1941 .     hundreds of crew members were buried without identification .
subjects taking acetaminophen reacted less strongly to both pleasant and unpleasant photos .     each week , 52 million americans use the pain reliever .     unknown whether other pain products produce the same effect .
manchester united have won six consecutive premier league games .     daley blind wants red devils to focus on run-in starting with chelsea .     holland international credited wayne rooney for inspiring derby win .     gary neville : man united can beat anyone at the moment .
navinder singh sarao , 36 , is accused of causing the may 2010 ` flash crash '     officials believe that he used software to make fake transactions .     he was first warned about alleged illicit trading back in 2009 .     sarao continued his alleged manipulation well into this year .     ` how this continued for six years kind of boggles my mind ' - analyst .
charmain speirs allegedly murdered by pastor husband eric isaiah adusah .     couple travelled to ghana last month so mr adusah could preach at a rally .     ms speirs , who was pregnant , was found face-down in a bath by hotel staff .     the pastor 's defence lawyer claimed ms speirs was a habitual heroin user .     but her brother paul has said his sister had never touched drugs .
the rev. robert h. schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia , daughter carol schuller milner said .     he and his late wife started a ministry in 1955 with $ 500 when he began preaching from the roof of a concession stand at a drive-in movie theater southeast of los angeles .     by 1961 , the church had a brick-and-mortar home -- a ` walk-in/drive-in church ' -- and schuller began broadcasting the ` hour of power ' in 1970 .     in 1980 , he built the towering glass-and-steel crystal cathedral to house his booming tv ministry .     at its peak , in the 1990s , the program had 20 million viewers in about 180 countries .
the oak bottle claims to ` oak age ' wine in hours rather than years .     the product retails at # 50 and promises to impart authentic aged flavours .     oz clarke says its a fun product and would make an interesting gift .     visit oakbottle.com . the pocket wine book by oz clarke is published by pavilion books at # 9.99 .
daley blind received painting of himself and his father as birthday present .     the 25-year-old called danny blind his ` inspiration ' in instagram post .     blind has been a key player for manchester united this campaign .     click here for all the latest manchester united news .
easter sunday congregation handed a letter explaining choir had quit .     they left in a show of solidarity with music director stephen hogger .     mr hogger had been sacked after apparently falling out with senior figures .     means suffolk church will be without a choir for the first time in 200 years .
bill dudley is still ` lovin ' it ' working at the fast-food joint in mold , north wales .     wife margaret , 71 , has nicknamed her hubby old mcdonald for his longevity .     bill 's special day was marked with a cake and tickets for a weekend away .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans .     grand jury charged durst with possession of a firearm by a felon , and possession of both a firearm and an illegal drug : 5 ounces of marijuana .     on thursday he appeared in court to plead not guilty .     durst , 71 , is wanted in california for the murder of his friend susan berman .     berman , an author who formerly acted a media spokeswoman for durst , was shot in the head at her benedict canyon home in 2000 .
saracens lead 6-3 at the break thanks to two charlie hodgson penalties .     wesley fofana raced onto a brock james chip for the opening try .     a late owen farrell penalty kept saracens in the hunt .     but brock james struck a 72nd penalty to seal the win .
alan stubbs felt hibernian did enough to reach scottish cup final .     falkirk manager peter houston hit back at stubbs ' post-match comments .     houston 's side take on inverness caledonian thistle on may 30 .
amnesty calls for probe of india police shooting of 20 suspected smugglers .     police decline comment , saying `` investigation is still going on ''     india 's national human rights commission says incident involved `` serious violation of human rights of the individuals . ''
photos show models maria sidorova and lidia fetisova posing with 650kg bear in forest outside moscow in russia .     they are pictured hugging and kissing stephen the brown bear , who has been specially trained to appear in films .     it was part of an anti-hunting campaign with organisers highlighting ` natural harmony ' between bears and humans .
man , who has not been named , turned gun on himself at 2:15 pm .     was standing by new despicable me minion mayhem ride at the time .
mui thomas has a rare genetic condition that leaves her skin raw and open to infection .     abandoned at birth , tina and rog thomas adopted mui .     she 's now 22 , a rugby referee and an inspirational speaker .
retiring jockey ap mccoy has vowed to never return to professional riding .     the 40-year-old rider said : ` shoot me if i ride professionally again '     olympian sir steve redgrave said similar phrase when he retired .     but , redgrave returned to claim olympic gold four years later in sydney .
lauren perry , 25 , gave birth to her twins 10 weeks early at just 30 weeks .     mason and chloe were in intensive care for two months after their birth .     ms perry 's son had a colostomy bag put in when he was just one day old .     when mason later underwent surgery to have it taken out he got sick .     newborn had contracted a flesh-eating virus which almost claimed his life .     parents would have lost him if he had been left untreated for another hour .
world 's best road is n-222 from peso de regua to pinhao in portugal .     the uk 's best road is deemed to be a591 from kendal to keswick .     second came the a3515 in somerset and third was a535 in chshire .
everything you need to know about how the uk election really works .     things like : the candidates , the issues , who 's likely to win , the importance of bacon sandwiches .     plus , if the queen is n't in charge , what does she do ?
the big bird swoops in and demonstrates how to roll ball .     before jumping up on it with both feet and giving it a kick .     the bird 's try-out was captured in north vancouver , canada .     eagle interrupted north shore football club training session .
uefa have confirmed a significant hike in champions league prize money .     celtic could earn # 16million just from competing in the group stages .     manager ronny deila is eager to secure a fourth straight title for celtic .
jon stewart announced the date of his final show live on air , joking he would ` wear a suit and shower '     ' i live in a constant state of depression . i think of us as turd miners , ' he said .     stewart also confessed that his ` moments of dissatisfaction ' with the show had started to become more frequent .     comedian said he did n't have many regrets , but one was not pushing donald rumsfeld harder when he had the chance in 2011 .
bodies of suspected gunmen paraded in front of crowd in garissa .     kenya 's president slams those who finance and support groups like al-shabaab .     al-shabaab threatens `` another bloodbath '' in kenya .
only a year ago adam johnson was still considered an england prospect .     the former manchester city winger never fulfilled his potential .     johnson has shown flashes of his talent , but never been consistent .     the future of both sunderland and their star player hang in the balance .
judge also throws out bombshell sex claims against lawyer alan dershowitz .     he asks a federal court to `` strike '' sex-related allegations against him .     a court filing says dershowitz had sex with minors via jeffrey epstein ; he denies it .
55stone georgia davis , 22 , was lifted from her home in 7-hour operation .     first crane was not strong enough to lift her so a larger crane had to be summoned which forced closure of road in aberdare , south wales .     neighbours thought the ` mayhem ' was due to her flats being on fire .     bedridden woman taken to hospital by ambulance with ` severe infection '
dawn mackeen : 2015 marks 100th anniversary of slaughter of armenians by ottoman empire . kim kardashian has used fame to spotlight this .     she says armenian community has long sought global recognition of the atrocity , but it took a kardashian to catapult it into the news .
south korean adventure seekers have founded a surfing community near the country 's border with the north .     the demilitarized zone , separating the north and south , features the world 's largest border military presence .     the community consists of seoul 's growing jet-setting adventure class , hipsters , gangsters and ex-pats .
days before grandchild is due , gran carole promotes baby-shower range .     mrs middleton 's goodies come in pink and blue in case the sex is unknown .     items in the range include a # 2.79 set of party cups and straws for # 3.49 .     multi-millionaire was criticised for ` tacky ' merchandise at diamond jubilee .
grass tried in his literature to come to grips with world war ii and the nazi era .     his characters were the downtrodden , and his style slipped into the surreal .     he stoked controversy with his admission to being a member of the waffen ss .
mindy kaling 's brother vijay chokalingam pretended to be black to get into med school .     jeff yang : that 's offensive and ironic , considering that minorities experience many disadvantages .
saturday is record store day , celebrated at music stores around the world .     many stores will host live performances , drawings and special sales of rare vinyl .
iranian plane came within 50 yards of u.s. navy sea hawk copter .     navy copter was on patrol in international airspace .     u.s. official think iranian plane may have been under orders of local commander .
australian financial review writer geoff winestock told fairfax to sack him .     he hopes that ` in 50 years ' there are ` no soldiers around to honour '     mr winestock spoke out in support of sbs sports reporter .     scott mcintyre was sacked over his anzac day tweets .     remembering ` rape and theft ' committed by ` brave ' anzacs , he tweeted .     mcintyre also called the gallipoli landings ` an imperialist invasion '     his comments sparked fury , with hundreds calling for him to be sacked .     ` sbs apologises for any offence or harm caused by mr mcintyre 's comments ' the broadcaster says .
toshiba tests robotic greeter at upscale tokyo department store .     more japanese businesses are testing out robots as possible solution to japan 's shrinking workforce .
broke down during los angeles concert as he talked about his daughter bobbi kristin , who has been in a coma since january 31 .     in the middle of his set in front of 4,000 people , he offered a pitch for his line of bbq sauces .
darron gibson was injured in everton 's 2-1 win over queens park rangers .     roberto martinez hopes midfielder will be 100 per cent fit for pre-season .     the toffees travel to the liberty stadium to take on swansea on saturday .
jo burston is a top australian entrepreneur and owns seven businesses .     in first four years of business she had a $ 40 million dollar turnover .     founder of job capital and new organisation ` inspiring rare birds '     burston has partnered up with branson 's virgin unite for mentor program .
millie-belle diamond is just 14 months old but has 115,000 instagram fans .     her mother schye fox styles her outfits and snaps photos with her iphone .     ms fox first set up her baby 's instagram account to share pics with family .     the mum , from sydney 's northern beaches , wanted to let her family in wa and queensland see how millie-belle was growing .     millie-belle is now sent designer garbs to wear in her photos .
abby lubiewski has a rare genetic syndrome and has cataracts as a result .     her mother amanda said she has ` no vision at all ' without her glasses .     lubiewski felt her daughter had been discriminated against when she found out other children at abby 's school got to wear their glasses .     lifetouch school photography has since apologized and will re-take abby 's picture for free .
chelsea edged manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge on saturday .     blues forward eden hazard scored the game 's only goal , but united dominated possession and completed many more successful passes .     despite defeat , united 's confident performance suggests that they will definitely be premier league title challengers again next season .     united are preparing to spend heavily in the summer transfer window .
the bbc has made light of clarkson fracas in a comedy programme .     it shows bosses holding emergency meeting after he uses the word ` tosser '     the episode was filmed last july , but the narration has been tweaked .
jurgen klopp 's seven-year stint at borussia dortmund will end on june 30 .     premier league clubs on alert after the shock news from germany .     klopp has denied suggestions he is exhausted and wants a break .     dortmund ceo hans-joachim watzke confirmed news in press conference .     the 47-year-old has been linked to arsenal and man city jobs .     klopp has won two league titles and the german cup in seven years there .     klopp : ' i believe that borussia dortmund actually needs a change '
woman was struck by lightning in her car in boston , lincolnshire .     several days later her hairdresser noticed minor burns on her scalp .     later that day the 77-year-old noticed her eye sight was blurred .     a scan of her retina revealed heat from the bolt burned a hole in her retina .
youtube videos show four-month-old noah monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father 's hand as he 's lifted through the air .     he apparently started performing the ` circus act ' when he was a month old .     but now - more than a year on - it appears he could be getting a little too heavy for his father to lift in the palm of his hand .
ashley young joined manchester united in june 2011 from aston villa .     young feels he has an important role to play under louis van gaal .     he feels he and wayne rooney are among those that have taken on responsibility after nemanja vidic , rio ferdinand and patrice evra left .
sea bright fire chief chad murphy wore a camera on his now-charred helmet as he stepped into the furnace in rumson on monday .     the four-alarm fire at the rumson mansion , known as blithewald , has been ruled accidental , though the exact cause is yet to be identified .     no injuries were reported .
emma jackson , 28 , from hull was subjected to a campaign of terror .     unemployed mark ray , 56 , made threats and went on expletive-laden rants .     also began following her to work and down the street .     dispute began because of mr ray 's fondness for watching tv loudly .     ms jackson says constant noise at all hours left her unable to sleep .     emma jackson appears on the nightmare neighbour next door , tonight at 8pm on channel 5 .
lauren crawley had surgery for a benign brain tumour behind her left ear .     while the op was a success , it damaged a facial nerve .     the left side of her face consequently appeared droopy .     but a new platinum implant has ` made her look more normal '
xenophobia can not explain the conflict between native poor black south africans and foreign african entrepreneurs , says abdi .     killings of foreigners can not be separated from the brutal violence poor south africans experience , she adds .
some 276 girls were kidnapped from their school in northeastern nigeria by boko haram a year ago .     despite a global outcry , one year on , only a handful have escaped and returned home .     isha sesay : we should all feel shame that our collective attention span is so fleeting .
` it is a man-made disaster , ' she said . ` with different policies over the last 20 years , all of this could be avoided '     ` liberal environmentalists have prevented the building of a single new reservoir or a single new water conveyance system , ' she accused .     one of the so-called liberal environmental groups fiorina blamed later knocked her political savvy and said her argument was ` irrational '     another group said hundreds of dams in california have n't helped with the drought - ` that 's because you ca n't store what 's not there '     a spokeswoman for fiorina told daily mail online , ` it is clear that the radical environmental lobby would prefer to ignore the facts on this one '
zeta beta tau suspended and charged for the ` disgusting ' acts .     three members were expelled for the deplorable acts at the warrior beach retreat in panama beach city on april 17 .     event designed to give ex-servicemen a relaxing break .     university of florida and emory university branches were there at the time .     they allegedly ripped flags off cars and urinated on them and threw items off balconies .     wounded veteran nicholas connole said he was spat on and felt ` hurt '
school children as young as nine are posting public ` hot or not ' videos .     some more cutting clips can gather over 2,000 views online .     what effect will this new form of humiliation have on the next generation ?
ed miliband has admitted that he cried watching the british film pride .     movie centres on the 1984 miners ' strike and a group of gays and lesbians .     billy elliott and brassed off could also get the labour leader blubbing .
england are 373 for six at stumps on day three , 74 runs ahead of the west indies first innings of 299 .     alastair cook -lrb- 76 -rrb- and jonathan trott -lrb- 59 -rrb- put on an opening stand of 125 but could n't reach their centuries .     no 5 joe root was outstanding reaching a century at a strike rate of 80 and was 118 not out at stumps .     root 's half-century gave him an england record-equalling sixth test score of 50 or more - no-one has seven .     gary ballance was out softly for 77 after ian bell played on for one . moeen ali ran himself out for a duck .
british grandmother lindsay sandiford was convicted of smuggling drugs .     she has been sentenced to death and is currently on death row in bali .     her pal andrew chan who also smuggled drugs will be executed tuesday .     she has told friends that if they kill andrew , ` what hope is there ' for herself .
michael keaton hosted `` saturday night live '' for the first time in 1982 .     in 2015 , his nods to starring roles in `` beetlejuice '' and `` batman '' are brief .
april 8 , 2014 , the who finally started reporting the ebola epidemic was a `` concern ''     front line health care workers and ebola survivors say the world has to act quicker .
jack wilshere has been traipsing his local supermarket 's shopping aisles .     arsenal midfielder reveals his craving for cereal and his preferred choices .     eggs and baked beans suggest wilshere loves a full english breakfast too .     read : what are arsenal 's transfer options this summer .     arsene wenger : arsenal are close to bridging the gap on the top four .
british company swan has unveiled a new # 279.99 super steam iron .     but can it really speed up the household chore everyone dreads ?     tessa cunningham puts the best steam irons to the test .
jefferson montero to have fitness test after picking up injury with ecuador .     tom carroll ruled out for swansea after damaging ankle ligaments .     mohamed diame and james chester to return following long lay-offs .     gaston ramirez also set to play a role despite carrying slight knock .
prince harry made a surprise visit to a remote aboriginal village .     wuggubugan is in the outback and 600 miles from darwin , the nearest city .     harry just ` rocked up ' say thrilled locals and is a ` delightful chap '     30-year-old has been in australia since monday and will stay for a month .
collector says he bought the outfit as it was about to be thrown away .     vivien leigh wore it in several key scenes in the 1939 movie .
harry met james freedman , who has his own one-man pickpocket show .     performer advises police and teaches people how not to be victims of theft .     in astonishing demonstration , he shows how quickly a thief can rob you .
luke harris and daryl lee had their first child three months ago and are now preparing to welcome their third baby .     gay couple will become fathers for a third time in a few weeks after enlisting the help of three surrogate mothers .     first child phoenix blue born on january 14 while daughter willow-star arrived in 25-minute labour on february 25 .     upcoming birth means the parents , from surrey , will have completed their family of three within just seven months .
cristiano ronaldo 's practice shot flies into the crowd hitting young fan .     ronaldo shows concern but continues his warm-up until the final drill .     portuguese icon wheels away to behind goal where the stricken fan stands .     ballon d'or holder takes off his training shirt and presents it to tearful boy .     click here to see who ronaldo will be facing in the champions league .
singing the national anthem is a risky proposition .     whitney houston nailed it ; roseanne barr destroyed it .
second-placed preston hosted league one leaders bristol city .     jermaine beckford fired the home side into the lead in the 59th minute .     aaron wilbraham equalised for bristol city four minutes later .
kai windsor knew from three that he had been born in the wrong body .     by four he would n't wear dresses and by six he wanted to cut his hair short .     kai came out at school as a transgender and is now referred to as a boy .     at age of 10 he is set to undergo hormone treatment to halt puberty .
five-star ballyfin has was given the prestigious award in the publication 's latest edition .     the high-profile couple stayed there last may on their honeymoon following their italian nuptials .     the entirety of the elegant hotel can be hired out for # 18,000 -lrb- $ 25,000 -rrb- a night .
violence broke out in reynosa on friday after arrest of ` el gafe '     cartel leader jose tiburcio hernandez fuentes was captured on friday .     three suspected assailants were killed and two state police injured .     roads in the city were blocked with vehicles set on fire by gunmen .     authorities said the situation was brought under control by the afternoon .
female student , who has not been identified , pictured in snapchat photo .     detailed ` reasons why usc wifi blows ' on board using a red marker pen .     reasons included ` ratchets ' and ` parking ' , but top of the list was ` n ***** s '     student , formerly of kappa delta chapter sorority , has been suspended .     also facing university code of conduct investigation into the incident .
manchester united paid almost # 30million to sign luke shaw last summer .     deal made shaw the most expensive teenage footballer of all time .     he has not appeared for united since being substituted against arsenal .     louis van gaal has told the young left back he is not fit enough .     shaw is a home boy and has struggled to adapt to new life in manchester .     he has found a manager who has very specific and exacting demands .
don mclean 's `` american pie '' lyrics auctioned for $ 1.2 million .     the song is dense with symbolism ; mclean says lyrics , notes will reveal meaning .     `` pie '' is mclean 's biggest hit , was no. 1 in 1972 .
gray 's family asked there be no protests ; they condemned violence .     community leaders and brave residents got in between rioters and police .
swastika and ` scum ' sprayed in white paint on window and blue door .     labour offices around half a mile away were also targeted by vandals .     scottish councillor ross thomson posted images of graffiti on twitter .
manchester united have lost the last four derbies to manchester city .     ashley young is desperate to put that run to an end on sunday .     louis van gaal 's side lead their local rivals by one point in premier league .
andy murray and kim sears married at dumblane cathedral on saturday .     his mother judy murray has revealed that she ` ca n't wait to be a granny '     tennis coach already has plans to introduce her grandchildren to the sport .
andros townsend scored the equaliser in england 's 1-1 draw with italy .     townsend tweeted to hit back at paul merson for his previous comments .     townsend has been been ` desperate ' to silence his critics .     merson had slammed townsend for his display against man united .
louis jordan , 37 , had been missing at sea for more than two months before he was picked up off the north carolina coast by a ship on thursday .     jordan had told his family in january that he was ` going into the open water ' to go fishing but the boat capsized and the mast broke .     he was found sitting on the capsized hull of his sailboat and plucked from the sea by a helicopter .     he had a broken collarbone and was dehydrated but looked in good health and was able to walk to the hospital unaided .     ` to us it 's just a miracle . we 're just so thrilled that he was found alive , ' said his mother norma davis .     jordan told rescuers he survived drinking rain water and eating raw fish and read a bible repeatedly from cover to cover .
aaron hernandez , even when on trial for murder , keeps that certain bounce in his step .     hernandez seemed to watch his former boss and fiancee closely when they were on the stand .
jurors in sentencing phase in dzhokhar tsarnaev 's trial hear of loss .     victims testify about the impact of the bombing on their lives .
elanora baidoo married victor sena blood-dzraku in 2009 .     marriage was not consummated and blood-dzraku has disappeared .     judge in brooklyn has allowed baidoo to issue divorce papers via facebook .
the kiss took place after she sang three of her hits , hung up , express yourself and human nature .     sources insist drake liked the smooch but it was her ` glossy ' lipstick that made him recoil .
louise shepherd , 31 , killed in bolivia while on round-the-world trip .     ms shepherd died after a tree fell on her during a jungle tour .     recently worked at kingston university , but left in order to travel .
jodi arias is sentenced to life in prison with no possibility for parole .     arias expressed remorse for her actions .
graeme finlay allegedly attacked ronald and june phillips on a cruise ship .     came as the couple walked back to their cabin on the ship to drink cocoa .     both husband and wife were knocked unconscious and severely injured .     finlay denies two charges of wounding and grievous bodily harm .
the male hormone testosterone does n't always get a good press .     all that 's unpleasant about male behaviour is ascribed to the hormone .     yet , as joe herbert explains , testosterone is at the heart of human life .
anti-vaccination group get rid of sids has had its charity status revoked .     group was behind seminars with anti-vaccine campaigner sherri tenpenny .     the u.s.-based speaker was set to speak across australia earlier this year .     but dr tenpenny cancelled after she received threats and feared for safety .
ap mccoy will struggle with his new routine now he has retired from racing .     20-time champion jockey described saturday as the hardest day of his life .     his short-term list of diversions will include watching his beloved arsenal .     conditional jockey champion sean bowen tipped to follow in his footsteps .
more questions than answers emerge in controversial s.c. police shooting .     officer michael slager , charged with murder , was fired from the north charleston police department .
since tony pulis took charge at west brom , pocognoli has found game time hard to come by and midfielder chris brunt ahead of him .     the left back ca n't understand why he does n't get picked to play .     pocognoli was a regular under alan irvine before he was sacked .     click here for all the latest west brom news .
merger between two largest cable companies have given the new firm control of 57percent of broadband internet market and 30percent of paid tv .     ` today we move on , ' says comcast ceo brian roberts .     comcast has 30million subscribers and time warner cable boasts 11million ; new company would have spun off or sold 3.9 million .     fcc staffers recommended the merger be sent to a judge for review - a significant regulatory hurdle .     regulators questioned whether merger was in the public interest .
she hosted a controversial discussion on the disappearance of people .     she knew what she was doing was dangerous and had received death threats before .     mahmud loved books , jimi hendrix and discussions about human rights .
fatu kekula , 23 , saved most of her family from ebola .     thanks to donors , she is being trained at emory university .     kekula was one year away from finishing a nursing degree when ebola struck .
rory mcilroy is favourite to win the 79th masters at augusta national .     bubba watson is the defending champion and chasing a third masters win .     tiger woods returns to action but has no form and worries over his game .     jason day and other big-hitters look set for strong week at masters 2015 .     course guide : mcilroy and more stars take you round augusta national .     click here for the masters 2015 leaderboard .
fed up local slams ` tragics ' taking up carparks in wealthy sydney suburb .     ` if you ca n't afford to park ... do n't come here ' letter left on windscreen reads .     other locals shocked that someone in their community would leave note .     ` we were horrified such a nimby culture existed in cammeray ' they said .
spacex founder elon musk : `` rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival ''     this was the second attempt at historic rocket booster barge landing .     dragon spacecraft will head toward international space station on resupply mission .
san francisco property to be auctioned at $ 2.5 m starting price .     it was made available on april 4 after police evicted a hoarder and removed her mother 's mummified corpse , which was at least five years old .     body is believed to be that of anna ragin , who lived with daughter carolyn .     police said house was full of black widows , rats , feces , bottles of urine .     authorities struggled to open the door of the home because of the debris .     carolyn is being mentally assessed .
chelsea boss jose mourinho has spoken in defence of manuel pellegrini .     the under-fire manchester city manager has overseen a poor run of form .     pellegrini won the league title in his first season but is struggling now .     mourinho believes that some criticism towards pellegrini is overblown .
tony hunt , from normanton in derby , is demanding an apology from police .     cat was run down by a patrol car then dumped in the boot , neighbours say .     ginger tom had micro-chip , so officers could have easily contacted family .     derbyshire police said they are trying to identify the officers involved .
authorities believe the two shootings are connected .     a suspect leads police on a wild chase , firing at multiple locations .     a census bureau guard is in critical condition , a fire official says .
the queen is celebrating her 89th birthday today at home at windsor .     she is spending the day privately with prince philip and her family .     her majesty is enjoying renewed popularity , especially on social media .     a snap of the queen photo-bombing a hockey player went viral last year .     she is set to welcome her fifth great-grandchild within days .
jack grealish was excellent in fa cup semi final victory .     tim sherwood praises his young star , who outshone liverpool midfield .     grealish was wearing children 's shin-pads during the wembley fixture .
jared quirk , 18 , collapsed while walking through athens with classmates .     died in greek hospital on friday on third day of foreign school trip .     he is the third senior from rockland high school , massachusetts , to die since october .
the tv star was spotted at the martinhal beach resort in portugal .     five-star luxury hotels and villas are family-friendly and offer a baby concierge .     is one of the best resorts in the algarve and is situated a stone 's throw from the beach .
lib dems want only ultra low emission vehicles and electric cars from 2040 .     clegg says he wanted to tackle ` dangerous levels of air pollution ' in cities .     launches # 100million ` prize ' for firms who build first ultra low emission car .
labour rival alerted colleagues after spotting councillor tucking into roast .     it is not the first time jonny bucknell , 58 , has demonstrated odd behaviour .     in 2013 he slept in his car to make a point while attending tory conference .     mr bucknell said he will campaign for rule change about eating at meetings .
obama 's record is lowest since truman left office in 1953 having hosted six .     state department pays cost of each event , which averages around $ 500,000 .     obama concerned about expense during worst economic slide since 1930s .
atlanta hawks beat brooklyn nets 131-99 on saturday night .     win was 57th of the season for eastern conference leaders .     hawks ' paul millsap suffers a shoulder injury in first half .     boston celtics beat toronto raptors in overtime to boost play-off hopes .     west leaders golden state warriors see off dallas mavericks 123-110 .
manning tweeted out thanks to her supporters - including rage against the machine frontman tom morello .     she is dictating the tweets over the phone to friends .
chelsea captain celebrates wildly at the final whistle after superb display .     arsenal defend well but unable to break down jose mourinho 's side .     mesut ozil the gunners ' best player , but could n't unlock chelsea .
researchers say the cerebral cortex of rats is ` like a mini-internet '     team planning to look at human brain in the same way .
mats hummels has two years left on deal but is considering his future .     manchester united reportedly ready to pay # 30million to sign defender .     hummels missed dortmund 's 3-2 win over hoffenheim on tuesday .     franz beckenbauer : hummels is the perfect age to join manchester united .     click here to watch highlights of dortmund 's win over hoffenheim .
tiger woods : ` have fun , enjoy it , and do n't win . no matter what '     woods made it a family outing with girlfriend lindsey vonn at his side , and his children , charlie and sam , caddying for him .     woods played in the par-3 contest for the first time since 2004 .     click here for all the latest from the masters 2015 .
a new tsa report advises against full screening of airport workers .     the report says such measures would not lower the overall risk to the public .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , is charged with supporting terrorism and making false statements by federal prosecutors .     classmates expressed shock , remembering him as a normal and likable high school student who was not deeply religious .     mohamud , 23 , a naturalized american , had been instructed by a muslim cleric to return to the united states and carry out an act of terrorism .
lewis hamilton will start on pole in china .     pushed teammate rosberg into second on the last lap .     rosberg refused to shake hamilton 's hand afterward .
prince andrew has changed the fate of 100 vulnerable women in calcutta .     they were rescued from brothels , child labour and trafficking by charity .     key to freedom was launched by the duke after a trip to india in 2012 .     he recently denied allegations he had slept with a sex slave in america .     the accusations , made by virginia roberts , have been struck from court records .
the five-year-old pooch was filmed at home in pennsylvania as he struggled to keep his eyes open while sitting on the couch .     adding to the comedy , some smooth jazz was dubbed over the final video edit .
jeff powell looks ahead to saturday 's fight at the mgm grand .     floyd mayweather takes on manny pacquiao in $ 300m showdown .     both fighters arrived in las vegas on tuesday with public appearances .     read : mayweather makes official arrival ahead of manny pacquiao fight .     al haymon : the man behind mayweather who is revolutionising boxing .     mayweather vs pacquiao takes centre stage ... but who 's on the undercard ?
new jersey school teacher cheryl meyer , 45 , told the governor his famous attitude wo n't be appreciated nationwide .     the likely 2016 candidate , who was holding a town hall meeting , responded calmly and said ` i 'm trying to get better every day '
there are now 120 confirmed hiv cases and 10 preliminary positive cases tied to scott county , about 30 miles north of louisville , kentucky .     outbreak has occurred among intravenous drug users and primarily involves the use of the high-powered prescription painkiller opana .     health officials who declared an epidemic last month have said they expect the number of cases to rise as more people are tested .     gov. mike pence approved a short-term needle exchange program two weeks ago to help combat the problem .
harrison poe was announced as best supporting actor at the annual tommy tune awards on tuesday in houston , texas .     but the high school student had a little difficulty navigating the stage .     tv cameras caught him confidently getting up to accept the accolade before slipping and falling headfirst into the darkness .     however , the young bow tie-wearing actor went on to make a swift recovery and bounced back to the podium .
german photographer dieter klein travelled the world to find vintage cars left to crumble in leafy forests and fields .     came across range of graveyards hosting all sorts of vehicles , including jaguar xk120 worth # 82,000 if restored .     dieter , 57 , from cologne , first came across a citroen truck dumped in a bush six years ago and became hooked .
look at the hybrid image at a normal viewing distance from the screen .     if the image of einstein does n't appear , it may mean you have bad vision .     illusion shows how we focus on different features depending on distance .
new orleans bars are smoke-free as of wednesday morning .     a lawsuit by harrah 's and bar owners seeks to overturn the ban .
a logic question about `` cheryl 's birthday '' goes viral .     the clues give just enough information to eliminate most possibilities .     it spread after a singapore television host posted it to facebook .
study found 60 % of prawns tested had traces of harmful bacteria .     included e.coli , antibiotic resistant mrsa , salmonella and vibrio .     warned farmed prawns are more likely to trigger violent food poisoning .     majority of supermarket prawns from indian , thai and indonesian farms .
chris ramsey wants three wins from qpr 's final five league games .     ramsey believes nine points will secure their premier league status .     the qpr boss want his team to step up a level defensively .
queen of spain , 42 , attended conference at science museum , cosmocaixa .     she delivered speech at opening of 2nd congress of uncommon diseases .     wore silk blouse , nude heels and accessorised with woven clutch .
wembley hosted two fa cup semi-finals over the weekend .     arsenal defeated championship reading 2-1 after extra-time to reach final .     fabian delph and christian benteke scored as aston villa beat liverpool .
george gittoes was awarded the sydney peace prize on saturday .     it was in recognition of his 45 years chronicling conflicts around the world .     the australian artist did this through painting , photography and film .     the 65-year-old will receive the prize at a november ceremony in sydney .     gittoes says he does n't consider himself in the same league as previous winners such as desmond tutu and noam chomsky .
australian marc leishman , who got so close to victory in 2013 , had to withdraw to be with his sick wife .     masters chairman billy payne talked a lot about growing the game but he ruled out any idea of starting a women 's masters .     arnold palmer , clad in his green jacket , was snapped under the oak tree in front of the clubhouse alongside niall horan .     jack nicklaus showed he 's still got it at the age of 75 with a hole-in-one in the par-3 , but he could n't match camilo villegas who recorded two .
the soviets invaded poland in world war ii and deported hundreds of thousands of people .     tomasz lazar photographed some of these poles and listened to their stories .
princess elizabeth and margaret joined the crowds celebrating in london .     queen 's cousin margaret rhodes was with the young royals celebrating .     she says the queen remembers the night with ` great happiness '     adventure has been recreated in new film a right royal night out .
cuba pulled off a diplomatic coup by gaining attendance at summit of the americas .     first time since 1962 , the u.s. has not blocked cuba 's attempt to join .     cuba is trying to re-establish itself at the two-day summit in panama .
britons spend an average of # 62 a week on treats , a new study claims .     rewards range from bar of chocolate to glass of wine to pair of shoes .
police say an inebriated sergio barrientos-hinojosa had his 13-year-old son take him to buy beer at the gas station .     once there , he got into an argument and started shooting at another customer , according to authorities .     investigators say the father ordered his son to drive away while he fired his gun in the air .     police pulled over the car near the gas station .
response across social media led to multiple trending topics for hillary clinton 's presidential announcement .     some responded to her video and her new campaign logo .
motorist ravi beefnah claims his # 35,000 audi a5 uses far too much oil .     he covered his car in slogans and parked it outside a dealership in essex .     car has been there for two months and he claims audi will not fix problem .     manufacturer say they have offered to fix mr beefnah 's car free of charge .
prince william has announced he 'll be taking six weeks of paternity leave .     he 'll be staying with kate and the new baby at anmer hall in norfolk .     but quentin letts , father of three , says the prince must be mad !
` my son seth , signed the petition asking me , dad , the governor , to veto this bill , ' republican gov. asa hutchinson said wednesday .     seth told daily mail online that ' i love and respect my father very much , but sometimes we have political disagreements '     he 's sending the ` religious freedom restoration act ' back to the state legislature because it strays too far from the federal law that inspired it .     hutchinson does n't risk a veto-override from lawmakers since he has n't technically vetoed the bill .     ` this is a bill that in ordinary times would not be controversial , but these are not ordinary times , ' he said .
carol costello : talk to any millennial and you can envision an america virtually marriage-free .     in countries like sweden or denmark , people do n't feel pressured to marry even if they have kids together .
children star in new video from oprah winfrey 's own tv network .     the youngsters explain how it feels to get angry and lose control .     they then explain how mindfulness techniques help them calm down .
homeowner in florida filmed as nine foot bull shark swam behind condo .     residents say fishermen throwing bait into water is attracting the animals .     bull sharks are considered among the most likely species to attack people .
vijaya gadde said social network had let internet abuse go ` unchecked '     she claims it is because scope and scale of problem was not recognised .     twitter has tripled the size of team that deals with online abuse , she said .     anti-bullying campaigners long complained twitter is sanctuary for trolls .
massacre of 1.5 million ethnic armenians under the ottoman empire is widely acknowledged by scholars as a genocide .     turkish government officially denies it saying hundreds of thousands of turkish muslims and armenian christians died in intercommunal violence .
tracey neville is phil neville 's twin and sister to gary neville .     she will manage england at the netball world cup in australia this summer .     tracey believes her personality is a mixture of her brothers '     she would love to pick the brains of man united legend sir alex ferguson .
shahnawaz , 40 , was beaten to death by five thugs because his bike - stuck in traffic - was blocking their way .     his sons , aged nine and 13 , begged bystanders and nearby police for help , but were told to ` call 100 '     victim was rushed to nearby lok nayak jaiprakash hospital but died en route .     a day later , 200 protesters blocked central delhi to demand immediate arrest of the attackers .
tom daley won bronze in the men 's 10m platform at the 2012 olympics .     firework dive is a forward three-and-a-half somersaults with one twist pike .     daley won silver with the plunge at the world diving series last month .     daley 's main aim this year is to win gold at the world championships .
there are few similarities between democrats martin o'malley and jim webb .     but they find themselves in a similar position as long-shot presidential hopefuls .
an unknown internet source has recreated the ad with curvy alternatives .     dove has denied being responsible for the poster , which carries their logo .     the image is currently circulating on social media spoofing the original .     plus-sized fashion label simply be also created its own poster .
ap mccoy could have ridden cause of causes in the grand national on saturday .     champion jockey ultimately chose shutthefrontdoor for big race at aintree .     royale knight is worth an each-way punt at more speculative odds .
marouane fellaini has drawn plaudits for his recent performances .     the belgian 's form has dramatically improved in recent weeks .     fellaini endured a terrible start to his united career under david moyes .     wayne rooney says fellaini is one of the best in world football .
music streaming service spotify has analysed 2.8 million ` sleep ' playlists .     ed sheeran 's single thinking out loud is the top sleep-inducing song .     the brit singer-songwriter appears seven times on the top 20 list .
jessica mauboy and gq editor among those who had tablets stolen .     $ 899 personalised lenovo tablets were gifted to front row guests .     toni maticevski presented ss16 runway show at carriageworks in sydney .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe will address congress on wednesday .     mike honda : abe must commit to educating future generation honestly , humbly .
ads are the brainchild of a trio of people opening a new thai restaurant in the motor city .     as well as exposure for their new business they want to promote detroit as an alternative for new yorkers who feel it has got too expensive .
white house planners say they 're ready to recommend spikes at the top of the mansion 's fenceposts to better protect the president .     move comes after several fence-jumpers , including one who sprinted inside the white house .     tennessee democratic rep. steve cohen asked the acting secret service director in november if 1600 pennsylvania avenue needed a six-foot moat .     that idea was actually under consideration , but later scrapped over maintenance concerns and ` having to retrieve people from it '
marissa holcomb was held up in channelview , texas , on march 31 .     robber held her at gunpoint and emptied $ 400 from the till .     she was fired a day later after refusing to pay back the money .     the store says she broke their policy by having so much cash in the till .     holcomb , five months pregnant with her fourth child , says it was busy .
a new reddit thread has garnered 18,000 submissions of terrible names .     i ` munique , boy boy and abstinence were all stand-outs .     the most popular uk baby names are currently sophia and muhammad .
raheem sterling rejected contract offer of # 100,000-a-week at liverpool .     young winger gave revealing interview to the bbc on wednesday .     but what did sterling mean with some of his statements ?
the new `` star wars : episode vii -- the force awakens '' trailer is released .     a fan gathering in los angeles featured the cast and a droid .     the movie comes out december 18 .
louis jordan , 37 , was rescued thursday after being stranded 200 miles off the coast of north carolina .     refused treatment when he was taken to hospital in norfolk , virginia .     coast guard crew who rescued him said he was smiling when they arrived .     group expected him to be severely sun burnt and covered in blisters .     he refused treatment at hospital and conducted tv interviews straight away .     authorities are looking into his credit card and bank statements from during the time he says he was drifting .
six young minnesotans conspired to sneak into syria and join isis `` by any means necessary , '' prosecutors say .     the men , ages 19 to 21 , were arrested sunday .     they plotted for 10 months , the u.s. attorney for the district of minnesota says .
`` x-men '' original character bobby `` iceman '' drake is revealed to be gay in latest issue .     `` all-new x-men '' no. 40 has psychic jean grey discovering drake 's sexuality .     iceman has been in marvel comics for over 50 years .
zhou qunfei born in poverty in rural china and started work on shop floor .     quickly promoted before she set up her own company at age of 22 .     her company went public on march 18 and her shares worth # 4.9 billion .     patented scratch-persistent glass was inspired by rainfall on lotus leaves .
danny willett carded a one-under-par 71 in the first round at the masters .     the 27-year-old holed a curling 60-foot putt on the par-five 13th for eagle .
thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the midwest and the plains .     tornadoes could strike thursday night and friday .
jordan speith poised to play in the rbc heritage classic , south carolina .     the 21-year-old won the masters in record-breaking style at the weekend .     spieth does n't want to rest on his laurels and plans to catch rory mcilroy .
jake tapper will add the sunday show `` state of the union '' to his portfolio at cnn .     tapper also anchors `` the lead '' on weekdays .
the two jets have been permanent fixtures at memphis estate for 30 years .     but city council has agreed hound dog ii and lisa marie can be taken away .     they will form part of a new museum about the king of rock 'n' roll .     decision follows a year of wrangling between planes ' owner and graceland .
stuart broad was dismissed for a duck in england 's first innings .     the 28-year-old has had a complete demise in his batting .     broad must not let his batting woes must not affect his bowling .     he is still is the enforcer and combines well with james anderson .
britain has long seen prosecco as the second choice to champagne .     now that 's all changing as prosecco sales have overtaken for the first time .     uk sales were # 181.8 million compared with # 141.3 million for champagne .
debenhams and mothercare have called a halt to long-running promotions .     and both stores have announced revived figures since making the change .     experts claim prolonged sales can devalue products and encourage shoppers to delay buying an item until it is reduced .     figures show a third of all fashion purchases are now made in a sale .
kyle knox , 23 , disappeared as he tried to climb 4409-ft high ben nevis .     he was last seen at start of route on march 31 but failed to return to hotel .     his body was found near the foot of the peak three weeks after he vanished .     the londoner 's family has been informed of the discovery .
`` high profits '' follows the owners of a recreational marijuana dispensary .     the cnn original series airs sundays at 10 p.m. et .
henry howes was playing on arcade game after a swimming lesson at the snowdome in tamworth .     when he failed to pick up a teddy he reached inside the claw machine .     but the four-year-old stretched too far and got trapped inside the game .     staff took half an hour to free henry as they searched for the keys .
alex impey is breaking the law by openly selling marijuana to customers seeking pain relief .     he sells medicinal oil from the drug at about $ 100 a gram and some people use up to a gram each day as treatment .     mr impey also teaches the terminally ill how and where to grow their own .     his `` hemp store '' alone receives more than 20 requests for help accessing medicinal cannabis each week .     patients who contact him include cancer sufferers , those with parkinson 's disease , multiple sclerosis and children with epilepsy .     larisa rule , 3 , is one of his customers , and takes the drug to reduce her seizures .     her father peter risked two years in jail for preparing his own crop .
cesc fabregas takes advantage of rob green error to win the game for chelsea three minutes from time .     chelsea had lacked a threat in the absence of diego costa and loic remy , with didier drogba up front .     before goal qpr came closest to scoring , with thibaut courtois saving well from charlie austin and matt phillips .     jose mourinho 's side are seven points clear at the top of the premier league with a game in hand .
chipotle is stepping away from using gmos -lrb- genetically modified organisms -rrb- as ingredients .     the company 's rice , meat marinades , chips , salsa , and tortillas will not be made with gmos .     however , gmo-feed is still consumed by the chickens and pigs the company uses .     chipotle co-ceo steve ells has said ` they say these ingredients are safe , but i think we all know we 'd rather have food that does n't contain them '
jaclyn methuen and ryan ranellone return home for the holidays after their honeymoon in puerto rico on tonight 's episode of the reality show .     the 30-year-old , from union , new jersey , nearly left her new husband at the altar because she was n't physically attracted to him .
earl arthur olander was found tied up and beaten to death in his own home .     the 90-year-old was a lifelong bachelor and lived alone in rural minnesota .     police have offered a # 1,000 reward for any information leading to an arrest .     his neighbors and friends said he was loved by all within the community .
brazil international wants to win his place back at stamford bridge .     he has not completed a full 90 minutes for chelsea since february .     ' i do n't see why i would think of leaving , ' said the 23-year-old .     chelsea face resurgent manchester united in premier league on saturday .
disqualified owner massimo cellino confirms nicola salerno 's departure .     announcement comes six days after assistant coach was suspended .     salerno understood to be responsible for steve thompson suspension .     italian has been linked with sporting director 's job at palermo in italy .
the video first went viral after being uploaded to youtube in june 2012 .     it was reposted on tuesday by popular radio hosts fitzy and whipper .     youtube commenters outlined a number of visual inaccuracies in the clip .     swell experts declared it is impossible for waves could reach the harbour .
leaked report suggests g36 rifle did not shoot straight when it overheated .     german army carried out tests and none of the 304 assault rifles passed .     the weapon is used by british counterterrorism officers across the uk .     an urgent home office review has been called for in light of the findings .
jayden wingler of arizona was interviewed by fox news earlier this week about a theme park accident which left him with severe burns on his legs .     while on camera , the youngster eloquently recalled what happened with arm actions and wide-eyed facial expressions to match his emotions .
rowing team at washington university attacked by flying carp .     member of the team caught the attack on video .
university of oregon 's tanguy pepiot had strong lead over meron simon .     raised arms in triumph while he was still running - which slowed him down .     simon , of the university of washington sprinted and closed the gap .     beat pepiot by a tenth of a second at track event in eugene , oregon .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are two weeks away from fighting .     their $ 300million bout will be the richest in the history of boxing .     both men spent time with those closest to them over the weekend .     they are both starting their final week of hard training .
study of twins in the uk found voting conservative tends to run in families .     voting ukip , labour and the greens also had moderate levels of heritability .     however , voting for the liberal democrats is determined by environment .     the study suggests there may be an underlying genetic element to politics .
tipper lewis , 43 , has been consuming superfoods for over 20 years .     has glowing skin , high energy levels and no doctor .     would love to see children in schools eating superfoods .
british golfer charley hull has all the attributes to be one of the best .     the 19-year-old has the same ` wow factor ' as rory mcilroy at the same age .     hull is part of an exciting group including thailand 's ariya jutanugarn and american lexi thompson .
michael j from michigan filmed his 11-month-old daughter leighton in floods of tears .     footage shows her immediately cheering up when she 's handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla .
are we seeing a mental disintegration of nico rosberg as a racing driver ?     last season rosberg was the epitome of focus , intelligence and calculation .     since his spa collision with lewis hamilton his composure has diminished .     max verstappen , 17 , impressed with classy driving ability in china .     rosberg : attempting to overtake hamilton could have cost me second .
dashcam footage shared by dailymotion.com user vidsking , shows a st. bernard dog running across a road somewhere with a child trailing behind .     it appears to be a rather uncomfortable excursion , with the young boy being pulled along the ground on his belly .
andy flower guided england to three ashes wins over australia .     former team director also led england to the world no 1 icc ranking .     andrew strauss is a front-runner to becoming director of england cricket .
peter kelly and a friend were fishing on the minnesota side of the st croix river on tuesday when they heard three rowdy men across the water .     they asked them to be quiet and an argument ensued for three hours .     the three men asked kelly and his friend to come over so they drove to the wisconsin side , where a fight unfolded and kelly was fatally stabbed .     kelly , who volunteered as a high school wrestling coach in his spare time , leaves behind a wife and five children , all under the age of nine .
christian migrants speak of making the journey across med to escape isis .     eritrean refugee haben , 19 , made the perilous trip with brother samuel , 14 .     haben said gunmen patrol libyan towns and beaches looking for ` infidels '     made journey days before 900 died as they travelled from libya to sicily .
an ocean photographer has captured the unique and surreal moment ocean foam hits the sand .     surfer lloyd meudell formed a severe photography obsession after buying a gopro two years ago .     he now shoots on a eos 5d mark iii dslr and uses numerous lenses but does not reveal his secrets .     the ` foam surrealism ' pieces are shot on the south coast of nsw at kiama beach through to gerrigong .     mr meudell 's shots draw from works of surrealism such as salvador dali and appear very dream-like .
ryan taylor 's injury record has severely limited the number of first-team appearances he has made for newcastle .     still , the 30-year-old utility player is one of the most popular at the club .     taylor etched himself into newcastle folklore in 2011 by scoring the winner with a superb free-kick against rivals sunderland .     he is out of contract in the summer and sunday 's fixture at the stadium of light could be his last derby in a newcastle shirt .
there are more and more mothers setting up thriving small businesses .     the mail is asking readers to nominate successful mothers they know .     this week 's nominee is petra wetzel who set up the west brewery in 2006 .     petra , 40 , lives in glasgow with her nine-year-old son , noah .
children as young as seven can take part in bull riding competitions .     youngest children ride calves before graduating to bullocks then bulls .     between four and six , they hone their skills by ` mutton busting ' on sheep .     bull riding is thought to be one of the most dangerous sports in the world .     an estimated one in every 15 bull rides ends in some sort of injury .     unreported world , tonight at 7.30 pm on channel 4 .
louise nesbitt was employed as an office bookkeeper at a perth company .     she mistakenly sent a text message to boss calling him ' a complete d *** '     it was sent on january 12 last year and she was fired for gross misconduct .     the long-time employee claims it was meant to be a ` light-hearted insult '     but the fair work commission ruled against her , saying text was ` hurtful '
mark wood part of the england squad flying to the caribbean .     alastair cook 's side to play three test matches against west indies .     at 5ft 11in and 12st , he is not the size of traditional fast bowler .
destiny 's child reunited at the stellar gospel awards in las vegas last weekend . it aired on tv one last night .     it was the first time beyoncé , kelly rowland and michelle williams performed together since super bowl in new orleans .     but they did n't perform as destiny 's child .     beyoncé 's dad mathew knowles has a 25 percent interest in the group but the singers do n't want him involved .     the 2005 destiny fulfilled reunion tour grossed approximately $ 70.8 million in the us alone .     knowles is the one obstacle to a sensational new reunion tour and album .
social media and smart phones cause a minefield of problems while dating .     being clingy on facebook or constantly on your mobile can be off-putting .     femail provides ten tips for stress-free dating .
tito vilanova died aged 45 on april 25 last year after a long cancer battle .     vilanova was pep guardiola 's assistant during a golden spell for the club .     he was key to three la liga and two champions league titles from 2008-12 .
reserve deputy robert bates said he meant to use a taser but accidentally shot and killed a man .     lawyer for slain man 's family says bates was n't qualified to be on the force and received preferential treatment .     `` robert bates has met all the requisite training required by oklahoma to be a reserve deputy , '' bates ' lawyer says .
follow in the footsteps of the gold rush prospectors .     search for grizzly bears ... but do n't be taken unawares .     fly over the world 's largest non-polar ice field .
president franklin d. roosevelt died suddenly 70 years ago april 12 in warm springs , georgia .     lauder : he was longest-serving president in history ; impact was felt immediately and personally .
the united nations relief and works agency chief will visit yarmouk camp saturday .     pierre krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation there .     yarmouk has been engulfed in fighting since december 2012 .
freddie gray 's death has fueled protests in baltimore .     demonstrators accuse police of using too much force and say officers should face charges .
hubble has helped make major discoveries but there are limits to how far it can see into space .     the james webb space telescope will work in the infra-red and be able to see objects that formed 13 billion years ago .     scientists also believe the new telescope will be able to detect planets around nearby stars .
jerry tarkanian , five , was taken to the hospital at 4am on friday after complaining about pain in his legs .     he was given a ct scan , could n't move the left side of his body and was having trouble answering questions , mom amy tarkanian said .     parents danny and amy tarkanian say he 's showing signs of improvement .     elder jerry tarkanian , a hall of fame coach , died in february , aged 84 .
the 1915 fa cup final would be the last game in england for four years .     so many soldiers in the terraces saw it be known as the khaki cup final .     on friday it will be 100 years since the match was held at old trafford .     sheffield united beat chelsea 3-0 but there was no parade for the victory .     it was played on the same day thousands of allied troops were killed in a deadly german chlorine gas attack near ypres , belgium .     earl of derby urged men not enlisted to play ' a sterner game for england '
liam marshall-ascough is a tory candidate for stoke-on-trent central .     the crawley councillor has been seen in pictures licking a friend 's breasts .     but he insists the photographs were taken seven years ago and show him having fun and being sociable , like a normal person in their twenties .     mr marshall-ascough said he enjoys interacting with people , which is important for a politician to not be ` just all about the politics '
kristi gordon of british columbia 's news channel global bc called out her online bullies because she realized their words had affected her .
` churchill 's toyshop ' operated out of london at first in world war two .     eventually it moved to a mansion in the countryside to avoid air raids .     the top-secret weapons lab developed some groundbreaking weapons .     these included the human limpet mine and a rocket-powered wheel .
gaioz nigalidze is banned from the dubai open chess tournament .     officials say he frequented the bathroom , where his phone was hidden in toilet paper .     that phone had a chess analysis application open , officials say .
ferme de montagne is a boutique , chalet-style hotel in france .     guests are wowed by a rich variety of peaks including the dents du midi .     ski resort , les gets , boasts 400 miles of groomed pistes .
fox news sunday host appeared on the mike gallagher show on friday .     said mom-of-one clarkson ` could stay off the deep dish pizza for a while '     within minutes , his response had sparked outrage among internet users .     now , wallace has apologized for comment , which he dubbed ` offensive '     says he should have discussed singer 's ` remarkable talent ' - not weight .     clarkson , who gave birth to her daughter river last july , coincidentally discussed criticism about her weight with ellen degeneres same day .
aston villa face liverpool at wembley in the fa cup semi-final on sunday .     liverpool will have to keep villa 's in-form christian benteke quiet .     the belgium international has scored eight goals in six games for villa .     striker says that new manager tim sherwood has given him freedom .     benteke struggled for form earlier this season after recovering from injury .     a year ago he ruptured his achilles and missed the world cup .     benteke returned in october but did not hit top gear straight away .
college-bound basketball star asks girl with down syndrome to high school prom .     pictures of the two during the `` prom-posal '' have gone viral .
kinessa johnson served four years as a weapons instructor and mechanic .     now she works for veterans empowered to protect african wildlife .     patrols with park rangers and assists in intelligence operations .     insists she is not a ` poacher hunter ' , and only catches and detains them .
sarah , 30 , from los angeles , has come under fire for ` boasting ' about her toned figure throughout her pregnancy .     followers regularly share their disbelief at her photos -- while critics have warned her healthy regime could be harmful to the baby .     but sarah insists her frequent workouts and healthy eating are nothing but beneficial for her unborn child .
rev coles sits on the board of wellingborough homes housing association .     vicar is known for presenting radio 4 's human interest show saturday live .     attacked tory plans to sell housing association homes as a ` right to steal '     confessed in memoir last year that he had taken drugs including cocaine , ecstasy and amphetamines .
filmmaker michael churton said he watched as the wall of ice approached .     the 38-year-old from new york then told his group to get down .     he said : ` it was about 4,000 feet of snow ... there was nowhere to run '     hoping for the best , he lay down and got into the fetal position .     the force of the oncoming snow caused him to slam into a rock .     he dug himself out and then looked for colleagues and other survivors .     another survivor said avalanche was ` something out of a hollywood movie '     at least 17 people who were on mount everest at the time have died .
afghanistan veteran bobby burnett regularly beat partner samantha chudley and forced her to hand over passwords for e-mail and facebook .     court heard he changed because he was taking a powerful illegal steroid .     the soldier had an exemplary service record but was thrown out of the corps after a routine drug screen showed he was taking the drugs .     he was jailed for two years and two months at exeter crown court today .
harold ekeh , 18 , was editor of his student paper and ceo of the model un .     celebrated being accepted to 13 colleges with a chipotle burrito bowl .     moved from nigeria to long island at the age of eight , got 2270 in his sats .     credits his success to his parents ' resilience and positivity .     he is leaning toward yale , has until may 1 to decide .     plans to be a neurosurgeon to find alzheimer 's cure for his grandmother .
elizabeth sedway posted to video to facebook showing her removal from a plane .     she was forced off a flight in hawaii and told she could n't head home to california .     alaska airlines later apologized , saying it could have handled the situation differently .
christian trousedale was seen helping elderly man home from shops .     aldi worker , 18 , held 95-year-old 's hand as he carried his shopping bag .     his act of kindness went viral and has been ` liked ' by more than 250,000 .     one customer saw trousedale at work and hugged him in the aldi store .     mr trousedale said he 's ` blown away ' by the reaction to the simple act .
brynn duncan has mast cell disease , which causes her to be allergic to almost everything .     duncan has a feeding tube and is on constant doses of antihistamine .
british world dressage champion charlotte dujardin wins at world cup .     29-year-old victorious on horse valegro at grand prix in las vegas .
scientists say early dna-like fragments guided their own growth .     they claim the process can drive the formation of chemical bonds .     these connect short dna chains to form long ones for life to evolve .     this self-assembly capability has been shown to take place in rna .
maria sharapova will play for russia in the fed cup semi-finals .     russia host germany in the 2014 winter olympics host city of sochi .     playing helps sharapova become eligible for next year 's summer olympics .
tim stanley : muhammadu buhar won nigeria vote on campaign against corruption . he 's an ex-dictator , but there 's reason for optimism .     he says jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of boko haram . buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .
in the midst of the worst storm in new south wales in a decade people got creative with their photoshopping skills .     while there were many genuine dramatic photos of the devastation caused , the fake ones also caused confusion .     the more unbelievable photoshop jobs included a photo of noah 's ark majestically cruising into sydney harbour .
lib dem mp said he 's realised it 's ` possible to be business-like ' with tories .     envisaged scenario where he could ` stomach ' working with conservatives .     but also quick to make clear he does not rule out working with labour .     thought he was most likely to remain in a government led by mr cameron .
eugenie bouchard crashed out of miami open to tatjana maria .     she urged herself to ` relax ' after losing to lesia tsurenko at indian wells .     canadian posed with sports illustrated model hannah davis and olympic medalist kerri walsh jennings .
the nuvaring is one of the most popular birth control products on the market .     lawsuit cites `` a heightened risk of blood clots associated with the use of nuvaring ''     maker : `` there is substantial evidence to support the safety and efficacy of nuvaring ''
richie benaud revealed late last year he was suffering from skin cancer .     he had radiation treatment for lesions on his forehead and top of head .     he used the chance to ` recommend to everyone they wear protection on their heads '     benaud had looked frail after suffering serious injuries in a 2013 car accident .     after the crash and cancer treatment richie benaud was walking daily with wife daphne .     he hope to get fit enough to return to the commentary box but never did .
marie le pen has fallen out with her father over his ` extreme views '     the 87-year-old convicted racist said nazi gas chambers ' a detail of history '     marine said fn ` does n't want to be held hostage to his vulgar provocations '     she will oppose him standing in december poll amid calls for him to resign .     but honorary president jean-marie said stepping down is a ` crazy idea '
andros townsend scored the equaliser in england 's 1-1 draw with italy .     townsend tweeted to hit back at paul merson for his previous comments .     townsend has been been ` desperate ' to silence his critics .     merson had slammed townsend for his display against man unitedÂ .
barry selby from dorset was eating bag of tesco cheese and onion crisps .     the 54-year-old discovered a snack shaped like profile of the human skull .     he said he was ` shocked ' with the find and has decided to ` keep it forever '     it 's not his first weird food find - he once discovered a heart-shaped crisp .
`` the americans '' ends a critically acclaimed third season wednesday .     academy of country music awards holds its 50th ceremony sunday on cbs .
manchester city have made little progress since manuel pellegrini arrived .     despite last year 's title win , city have again failed miserably to retain it .     vincent kompany no longer capable of producing top performances .     city 's squad , constructed carefully and expensively , is too old , too foreign .
sylvia matzkowiak , who goes by goldie berlin , is a german instagrammer , travelling everywhere from fiji to canada .     though the blonde gypsy may have been born in california , she 's become famous for her stunning balkan snaps .     and when it comes to celebrities , shay mitchell and beyonce are redefining what it means to be a jetsetter .
teri o'neil , 30 , filmed her daughter when she was six-months pregnant .     the youngster pulls a cheeky face and struts about the room with dad .     15-month-old olivia is delighted with her impression .
american boxer out to take back his title from limerick fighter .     peter quillin took time out to deal with personal issues , but is now ready .     quillin will return to the ring for the first time in a year against lee .
a magnitude-7 .8 earthquake struck nepal on saturday .     colin stark : we knew this disaster would come .
national front-leader named as one of time 's 100 most influential .     marine le pen said it shows her ` brand of politics ' is getting attention .     le pen , 46 , has tried to rid party of its extreme right-wing past .
photographer j.m. giordano was covering freddie gray protests in baltimore , maryland saturday night when he was attacked by police .     a friend recorded the moment cops in swat gear ` swarmed over ' him laying helpless on the ground .     in the background , a friend is heard yelling ` he 's a photographer ! he 's press ! '
ephedra foeminea waits for the full moon to produce nectar .     experts from stockholm university studied plant in greece and croatia .     plant 's ` aim ' is to seduce insects so they will fertilise its seed .     it 's the only species that 's known to follow the moon 's phases to survive .
antonio valente , from dallas , texas , learned his photos had been used in a scam after he was contacted by the victim , marianne heinrich from vienna .     she had been befriended online by a man calling himself ` johnson michael lynn ' who said he wanted to marry her and live with her and his daughter .     she sent him $ 4,000 - but realized it was a scam and tracked valente down .     he has now reported the problem to facebook who removed the profile .
three passengers report a loss of consciousness on skywest flight .     but officials say there is no evidence of a pressurization problem .
hitler ` fan magazine ' has been discovered and will be published in britain .     it was found by a british soldier in a bombed german house after the war .     one propaganda photo shows him in lederhosen and knee-high socks .     military experts will this month publish book entitled the rise of hitler .
cheyenne mountain complex being refurbished by pengaton .     high tech communications being installed that are impervious to electromagnetic pulses .     the bunker is build under 2,000 feet of the rocky mountains and is able to withstand a hit by a 30 megaton nuclear blast .     decommissioned 10-years ago because ` the russians were no longer a threat '
aston villa play liverpool in their fa cup semi-final on sunday at wembley .     raheem sterling was pictured smoking a shisha pipe earlier in the season .     steven gerrard will be leaving liverpool at the end of the campaign .
harry redknapp made his pitchside return at arsenal vs liverpool .     former tottenham boss was a pundit for live broadcast on bt sport .
the 2014 amateur champion was making his masters debut at augusta .     bradley neil missed the cut after finishing 13 over par in second round .     scot admitted he has found it difficult competing on professional tour .
the nfl has reinstated adrian peterson , allowing him to participate in league activities starting on friday .     this after he was suspended last september following an indictment on charges of child abuse .     peterson reportedly beat his son with a switch last may .     the running back in set to make $ 12.75 million this season with the minnesota vikings .
simon brann thorpe 's project makes real-life soldiers resemble toy soldiers .     he shot the images in western sahara , a disputed region of northwestern africa .
various fashion faux pas committed at the arts and music festival .     jaden smith wore a tunic dress , paris hilton donned cat-ear headband .     revellers wore neon swimsuits , a peter pan costume and garish leggings .
floyd mayweather jr and manny pacquiao 's fight will be the richest ever .     sportmail 's jeff powell is counting down the ring 's most significant fights .     first up is 1910 's fight for race - jack johnson v james j jeffries .
daphne selfe has been modelling since the fifties .     she has recently landed a new campaign with vans and & other stories .     the 86-year-old commands # 1,000 a day for her work .
jeralean talley was born on may 23 , 1899 .     she credits her longevity to her faith .     inherited the title of world 's oldest person following the death of arkansas woman gertrude weaver , 116 , on monday .     friends said talley remains ` very sharp ' and goes on a yearly fishing trip .
camel racing is a centuries-old tradition in the gulf .     modern technology is changing the sport .     camels compete for thousands of dollars in prize money .
students at school in china pictured eating their lunches on the sidewalk .     they say they are protesting the high school 's ` disgusting ' canteen meals .     the school in jilin province banned students from bringing their own food .     teachers have erected barbed wire and metal sheets to prevent smuggling .
labour 's shadow chancellor got the right answer after a ten second pause .     he said it was ` always dangerous to answer those sorts of questions '     comes after he revealed he did not want to answer maths questions on tv .     told susanna reid that the maths brain in his family was his mother in law .
prescott city attorney jon paladini claims sole survivor brendan mcdonough heard an argument between the crew leader and his deputy .     paladini claims mcdonough told his secret to former city fire chief darrell willis .     willis admits mcdonough came to him to ` get something off his chest ' but says it was n't about infighting that occurred before the tragedy .     mcdonough has also denied the accuracy of paladini 's account , but reports of it may alter lawsuits stemming from the tragic june 2013 fire .
bubba watson pulled off an incredible baseball style trick shot in practice .     the 36-year-old smashed the airborne ball straight down the middle .     watson 's form was poor at the masters and shenzen international .
nathan dailo has found a way to get his son to sleep in 42 seconds .     in a youtube video he demonstrates how stroking his 3-month-old son 's face with a white piece of tissue paper sends him to sleep .     the video has received almost 26,000 views in just two weeks .
kenya 's security has been bogged down by concerns over civil rights .     kenyan muslims have been targeted in raids and robbed , says human rights watch .
a psychology expert has revealed that the stress of a visit to the store can cause serious friction between couples .     she warned that customers avoid one particular unit known as the liatorp , which retails for $ 1,199 and is notoriously tricky to build .
james whitaker 's brief reign as ecb head of selectors is coming to an end .     sam allardyce 's future as west ham boss is subject to speculation at a time when a letter sent by venky 's lawyers is doing the rounds .     the letter , from december 2011 , makes numerous disputed claims about kentaro 's involvement in blackburn after venky 's bought the club .     the fa cup is set to be rebranded as the emirates fa cup .
court has adjourned for the day after more than seven hours of deliberations .     jurors sent out two questions that are set to be addressed wednesday .     if dzhokhar tsarnaev is found guilty of at least one capital count , trial will go to penalty phase .
the queen has distributed the traditional maundy money in sheffield .     two bags of coins were presented to 89 men and 89 women during service .     one was brave d-day veteran , 91-year-old denis gratton .     her majesty arrived in the city on the royal train with prince philip .     royal maundy tradition dates back to 1210 and the infamous king john .     john , who appears in robin hood , was also forced to sign the magna carta .     royals were once required to wash the feet of beggars during the service .     only the nosegay , intended to hide the smell , still survives of that part .
there is something about pope francis that 's reawakened her faith , say cnn 's carol costello .     meeting cardinal gerald lacroix of quebec showed how the pope is putting people in place to carry out his new vision , costello writes .
twisted sister 's 2016 tour will be its last .     band will celebrate 40 years in 2016 .     twisted sister drummer a.j. pero died in march .
town of evansville in comanche county was the headquarters of largest cattle ranch in kansas 's history in 1880s .     but now , its once-thriving commissary building , with post office , grocery store and possibly a hotel , are long gone .     however , the remote ghost town is still home to two final residents - rancher larry ` dee ' scherich and wife phyllis .     couple live in a house just north of ruined commissary building - and only ever encounter hired help in the region .     mrs scherich said of evansville : ` by 1910 , there was not much left ' , adding she would ` love ' to restore the buildings .
ursula ward talks about the shock and pain of her son 's murder .     odin lloyd 's sister said her brother 's death has felt like ' a bad dream '
sharmeena begum was raised by uncle who was former religious scholar .     he blames airport authorities , police and her school for letting her flee .     she used # 1,000 of inheritance following her mother 's death .     he is worried what will happen in syria and that she wo n't be allowed home .
john isner will play either novak djokovic or david ferrer in the last four .     he became the first american to reach miami open semi final since 2011 .     kei nishikori could not handle isner 's serve in a 6-4 , 6-3 defeat .
youngsters were at the arcadia palms apartment complex in las vegas .     residents then heard an explosion and saw a huge plume of smoke .     police say it was accidental and they are not expecting to file any charges .     authorities said the pair who died were related .
fulton county judge jerry baxter urged defendants to accept sentencing deals on monday or face significantly more time behind bars .     11 former teachers , testing coordinators and other administrators were convicted earlier this month of racketeering after a five-year investigation .     if former administrators accept deals , they would get punishments from one year of weekend jail time and a $ 10,000 fine .     if former teachers and testing coordinators accept deals , they would be given one year of home confinement and a $ 1,000 fine .     evidence of cheating was found in 44 schools across the atlanta school system , with nearly 180 educators involved .     superintendent beverly hall , the alleged ringleader who received up to $ 500,000 in payouts , died of breast cancer as the scandal went to trial .
julian zelizer : hillary clinton has immense political and governmental experience .     he says she needs to make stronger connection to her party 's base .     clinton also needs to convince voters of her authenticity , zelizer says .
a house in dungog , in nsw 's hunter valley , is filmed being swept away by floodwater .     the footage , taken on a camera phone , shows the house narrowly avoiding power lines as it travels through the wild water .     a local dungog woman described how she had minutes to evacuate from the property .     in another incident , a second house was seen floating on a nearby lake .
closing arguments in the case are set for tuesday .     aaron hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the killing of odin lloyd .     his defense lawyers made their case on monday .
more than 200 mummified bodies were found in a hidden crypt of the dominican church in the city of vác in hungary during restoration work .     geneticists led by scientists at the university of warwick studied samples from 26 of the bodies and found that eight of them had died of tuberculosis .     they discovered dna of 14 different strains of tb bacteria in the mummies .     analysis showed the strains all descended from a single strain that begun causing infections during the late roman empire between 396ce-470ce .
some 45 per cent of under 30s surveyed said they had painful back or neck .     survey by british chiropractic association showed a 28 per cent yearly rise .     as gadgets get smaller , users lean over them adding pressure on the neck .
designs made from real gold were shown on the catwalk in xi'an china .     models strutted their stuff in underwear and a shirt made from gold .     the items cost around # 40,000 each but are not intended for sale .
there are now more people of faith who favor marriage equality than stand against it , according to a new poll .     if the u.s. supreme court has been paying attention , it likely saw this trend coming .
29 elephants currently live at the circus sanctuary , and 13 more will join by 2018 .     the expansion comes after ringling bros. said it would stop using elephants in circus .     $ 65,000 worth of care annually includes pedicures , stretching and tons -- literally -- of food .
listeria concerns have led to thousands of classic hummus containers being part of a voluntary recall , sabra dipping co. said monday .     recalls started after random sample taken by food inspectors in michigan tested positive for listeria on march 30 .     sabra dipping co. said that customers will be refunded if they return the products to stores .     for questions about the recall , call sabra , 9am to 5pm , monday through friday at : 888-957-2272 .
matt stopera 's iphone was stolen in a new york bar .     eventually he started seeing pictures on his new phone of a guy posing with an orange tree .     after writing about it online , netizens in china managed to track him down .     ` brother orange ' then invited him to the country and the two met up .
david beckham has come third in a poll of most stylish brits .     audrey hepburn scooped the top prize and princess diana came second .     bizarrely , queen elizabeth i featured at number six .
authors warn president obama must be clear about radical islam threat .     al qaeda still a looming threat , they say .
todd larson , 55 , of taylorsville , utah claims delta a1 aircraft flew over his home dropping ice chunk smashing his dodge challenger 's windshield .     he paid $ 4,000 in repairs and wants the airline to ` admit its fault '     mr larson said faa did an investigation and found that at the time of the incident an aircraft matched within two minutes that was overhead .
a new york city woman caught a man robbing her apartment after he was captured on her cat camera .     the woman is now thrilled she purchased the $ 200 device and has handed the video over to police .     the thief took her laptop , jewelry and a digital camera .
vice president joe biden swore in lynch on monday .     she was a new york city federal prosecutor with a reputation for being hard-nosed and tough .     she said her senate confirmation showed that ` we can do anything '     pledged to deal with cyberattacks and other threats facing the us .
andy lee defends the world title he won against matt korobov last year .     the irishman has had a renaissance working under adam booth .     but lee faces a tough challenge in unbeaten former champion peter quillin .     lee insists he is ready for whatever ` kid chocolate ' can throw at him .
an artist apologizes for his lucille ball statue .     in a public letter , the sculptor offers to pay for fixes to the statue .     the mayor says he 's not interested in having the original artist work on the statue .
green party activists have been told to dress in ` mainstream ' fashion .     a manual for the party 's supporters urges them to appear ` level headed '     the advice has been distributed among green campaigners in london .     provides stock answers to ease voters ' concerns about their radical plans .
championship top eight separated by just nine points with game to go .     three teams will be promoted to the premier league , with five missing out .     sportsmail picks out eight players who should be in the premier league next season whether their club is promoted or not .     we have also compiled a composite xi made up from the eight teams .
pilot program allows students at one of sydney 's most prestigious schools to bypass the higher school certificate and attend sydney university .     successful completion of the 17-week guarantees scot 's college students a place in a number of undergraduate courses , including law .     state education minister adrian piccoli has called this shortcut ` unfair '     tuition , sporting and curriculum-related fees at the college reportedly topped $ 30,000 per year in 2013 .     opposition minister luke foley concerned this will impact success of hsc .     ` education should be open to all , not just those who can afford it , ' national union of students spokeswoman tells daily mail australia .
tania watts has spoken of the ` hell ' she has endured since bristol murder .     becky went missing in february and her body parts were found weeks later .     her stepbrother nathan matthews , 28 , has been charged with killing her .     mr matthews is the son of anje galsworthy , who appeared in appeal videos .
comedian ricky gervais led an online charge against rebecca francis .     the brit shared a picture of the grandmother lying next to her ` trophy '     caused to an online backlash against francis - with 14,543 retweeting post .     francis is proud of hunting and hopes to inspire more women to take part .
martin odegaard may make real madrid debut after being named in squad .     iker casillas also on the bench for the european champions .     madrid hope to narrow five point-gap to barcelona at top of la liga .     clash against almeria at the bernabeu will kick off at 7pm .
loren mathieson filmed her dog performing the gravity-defying stunt one day at home after he tried on a set of new booties .     footage shows him taking a few steps forwards before planting down his front feet and launching his back legs vertically in the air .
mother and autistic son face deportation to philippines when their visa expires today .     maria sevilla and her son tyrone have lived in australia since 2007 but have been told they need to leave due to tyrone 's autism .     tyrone has designed a poster asking the immigration minister if he could stay in the country and hand-delivered it to the minister 's office .     the family live in queensland where maria sevilla is a nurse at townsville hospital .
australian idol winner spoke out about her battle with mental health .     dabbled in ` drugs ' to mask her crippling depression after gaining weight .     at her heaviest , the now 29-year-old weighed 127.5 kgs .     lost 68kgs after having gastric sleeve surgery in may 2012 .
after splitting with prince harry last spring , cressida is happier than ever .     will star alongside judi dench and cara delevingne in upcoming film .     claims rumors she was engaged to marry the prince were just ` noise '
lewis hamilton and nico rosberg will renew their rivalry in bahrain .     the mercedes pair had argued in the aftermath of the chinese grand prix .     hamilton , though , has dismissed mind games and is focused on the next race .
richard dunne and rio ferdinand remain out for queens park rangers .     yun suk-young also absent with concussion for west london derby .     chelsea without diego costa due to hamstring injury .     cesc fabregas will play with protective face mask for the blues .
students who shared an ipad scored around 30 points higher on the test .     courtney blackwell worked with 352 students in america for the research .
daily mail online spoke to ten students at kirkwood community college 's satellite campus in rural iowa where hillary clinton will be tuesday .     one student is among those picked by teachers to question the former secretary of state .     he wants her to comment on his suspicion about immigration reform -- that democrats are pushing the policy because they need new loyal voters .     another predicted that ` she 's going to be , like , talking s ** t ' and would ` push some emotional thing on us '     a third said clinton ` seems like , kinda like a control freak '     one more said ' i hope people do n't vote for her just because she 's a woman '     school has cancelled many classes tuesday to accommodate clinton , the secret service and the press hordes expected to show up .
marianne power tried the tuning fork facial at hale clinic in london .     utilises tuning forks that make different pitched sounds when struck .     says afterwards her skin looks plumper and pink , rather than white .
jin pai was standing on rim of a toilet in hefei xinqiao international airport .     the porcelain toilet then tipped over and shattered on the floor .     the 35-year-old is left with deep cuts to his leg and buttocks .
the boy named gabriel holds his hands up to the bear 's paws .     bear follows him from left to right and rubs up against glass .     later in the video the brown bear attempts to bite the youngster .
molly schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks sunday in amarillo , texas .     the sacramento woman , 35 , is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit .
middlesbrough started the day top of the championship on 75 points .     troy deeney opened the score before odion ighalo 's brilliant strike .     watford end the day in third place after bournemouth and norwich win .
the iron throne was forged from 200 swords melted by dragon breath .     california 's loo version was built by prop makers using plywood .     it was presented to game of thrones superfan john giovanazzi .     the incredible loo was then installed in his bar in glendale , california .
youtube user serpentor filmed his feline friend in action .     footage shows the tabby producing bizarre noises as she is petted .
ben powers joined the cast of `` good times '' for its sixth and final season .     he played thelma 's husband keith anderson .
digital delivery of music caught up with physical formats like cds .     overall global sales of $ 14.97 billion fell marginally from 2013 .     massive piracy problems in china one of biggest problems facing industry .     vinyl sales now account for 2 % of revenues .
the type of plane used for a jaw-dropping stunt in `` furious 7 '' is 60 years old .     lockheed 's c-130 hercules is the longest continuously produced military plane in history .     c-130 factory in georgia celebrates the flight of the first c-130 production model .
the group called slide christchurch took on new zealand 's baldwin street .     the footage was captured by spectators and on a rider 's helmet camera .     one of the riders believes the group reached speeds of more than 60mph .
amnesty international releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide ; much of it makes for grim reading .     salil shetty : countries that use executions to deal with problems are on the wrong side of history .
raheem sterling said he was not ready to sign a new liverpool contract .     fans mantra at liverpool is that no player is bigger than the club .     liverpool fans have grown frustrated with the ongoing situation .     read : rodgers insists sterling will not leave liverpool this summer .     sterling is not being disloyal in postponing contract talks , says pfa chief .     click here for all the latest liverpool news .
anuradha koirala and 425 young women and girls have been sleeping outdoors because of aftershocks .     pushpa basnet and 45 children she cares for were forced to evacuate their residence .     seven other cnn heroes and their organizations now assisting in relief efforts .
unnamed man was found dead from an apparent self-inflicted wound around 5 p.m. on sunday .     incident happened near the buffet at the m resort spa and casino in henderson , nevada .     witness describe hearing a large boom and then seeing a man lying on the ground with a pool of blood surrounding his salt-and-pepper hair .     a car fire was reported at the same time in the parking garage , and police are investigating if the two incidents are related .
jenson button was set to start from the back of the grid after mechanical failure in qualifying .     despite frantic work from mclaren mechanics , they were unable to get his car on to the grid leaving button to watch from the sidelines .     it was only the third race of the last 272 staged that he has missed .
footage shows three-year-old luiz antonio from brazil being presented with a fanciful dish of octopus gnocchi at the dinner table .     but instead of digging into the seafood feast he starts asking about where the tentacled creature set before him came from .     english subtitles detail his train of thought .     his mother is reduced to tears through laughter as she listens .
audrey alexander wanted her neighbours to chop down their huge hedge .     she claims the 40ft leylandii was blocking sunlight from reaching her home .     feud started in 1980 when it blocked light from reaching a vegetable patch .     council finally rules that the hedge can stay - but must be cut back to 20ft .
70,000 people gathered in nashville for the annual convention .     leaders celebrated the republican majority in the u.s. congress .     but they warned obama is ` dismantling freedom ' and clinton would too .
jeff dubois of kiro was stung during broadcast from site of crash .     he and his cameraman were stung dozens of times by bees .     beekeepers moved in to try and save as many bees as they could .
foreign minister julie bishop attracted criticism and applause for move .     views on social media were mixed about respecting local custom .     opposition leader bill shorten supported bishop 's decision .
liverpool are taking action against fan stephen dodd who photographed asif bodi and abubakar bhula praying at anfield last month .     dodd captioned the photo : ` muslims praying at half time #disgrace '     kaka famously displayed a ' i belong to jesus ' vest after ac milan 's champions league win against liverpool in 2007 .     bubba watson and webb simpson are part of a pga tour bible group .     religion in sport only becomes a topic when it is someone else 's religion .
millwall won their relegation six-pointer with 2-0 victory over wigan .     latics substitute martyn waghorn was sent off for senseless kick .     nadjim abdou scored the opening goal for the lions on 74minutes .     visitors were reduced to nine-men when james pearson was sent off for fighting along with millwall 's ed upson .     another substitute magaye gueye sealed victory with an injury time strike .
comedian maria mcerlane travelled with buddy doon mackichan .     the pair swam morning , noon and night in the andaman sea .     serenaded by macaques and dusky leaf monkeys .
caroline wozniacki played tennis with us president barack obama as part of the #gimmegive campaign at the annual easter egg roll .     the campaign aimed at promoting more active and healthy lifestyles among american people involved several celebrities .     the event was broadcast on the popular american talk show live ! with kelly and michael .
next has overtaken marks & spencer on profits .     retailer has a vast line in designer copies selling for a fraction of the price .     include looky-likey mulberry bayswater tote and victoria beckham dress .
alexandra allen , 17 , from utah suffers with the condition aquagenic urticaria , which is so rare it affects just 35 people in the whole world .     admitted to hospital with internal bleeding and painful joints , and unable to breathe after a trip to flaming gorge which has water activities .
said he can relate to ` fear a parent has when your four-year-old daughter comes up to you and says , `` daddy , i 'm having trouble breathing '' '     health scare resulted in a single trip to the emergency room for malia - who at the age of 16 now lives an active life , inhaler free .     but other children are n't so fortunate ; they they find themselves in and out the emergency room several times a year , he said .     white house says higher temperatures lead to increases in wildfires , which send allergy-causing particulates into the air that can lead to greater and more serious incidents of asthma .     new initiative aimed at slowing the pace of global warming puts front and center the personal cost of inaction .
horse and carriage drained the customer 's account of # 20,000 .     the live-in tailor was demanded to make ski and apres ski outfits .     this came at a cost of # 1700 for the extremely wealthy skiers .     another group of guests asked for two grand pianos to be flown in .     demands were made to high-end firms haute montagne and bramble ski .
rupert brooke 's poem the soldier made him famous throughout england .     he died aged 27 from blood poisoning while en route to gallipoli .     in 2000 , love letters between brookes and phyllis gardner were discovered .     it was then , 85 years after his death , that their love affair was revealed .
edinson cavani pays visit to local animal zoo day after camp nou defeat .     psg striker was virtually anonymous in both legs against barcelona .     cavani has been linked with a move to manchester united this summer .
the critically acclaimed `` daredevil '' will be back for season 2 .     charlie cox plays a blind attorney by day who is a superhero by night .
new line cinema is reportedly planning a mariah carey christmas movie .     carey was queen of the '90s , and that decade is totally hot now .
judge george o'toole told jurors in the boston marathon bombing case they are not to attend this year 's race or related events .     the race takes place next monday , april 20 , and marks two years since dzhokhar tsarnaev and his brother planted two bombs at the finish line .     this as the the sentencing phase of the trial , in which witnesses will again be called to the stand , is expected begin next week and to take four weeks .     tsarnaev faces either life in prison or the death penalty .
enigmatic app is the brainchild of a developer in athens , greece .     it has a black screen with fiendish clues and no hints or images at all .     about 10 % of players so far have completed the app 's 50 levels .     equally mysterious episode two of none * is expected this summer .
craig lister , 54 , from watford , is on hormone therapy for prostate cancer .     this starves cancer cells by reducing levels of testosterone in the body .     one side-effect is hot flushes : ' i have about ten to 12 flushes a day '
scott mayhew was working on his car when it fell off its jack crushing him .     wife nicole was at work when she felt a ` funny feeling ' husband needed her .     rushed home to find mr mayhew in a great deal of pain under the vehicle .     she believes it was divine intervention that told her to return and save him .
bullish brendan rodgers says he is the man to take liverpool forward .     his time at the club is under scrutiny after fa cup semi-final defeat .     liverpool can hit back with victory at west brom on saturday .     jordan henderson ` over the moon ' after signing new liverpool contract .     man united and liverpool target memphis depay holds talks with psg .
` extremely rich ' german woman 's taxi was stuck in traffic as thieves struck .     they smashed rear window of vehicle before running away with handbag .     the victim says one of the stolen rings was worth close to # 1million alone .     claimed she was on her way to loan some of the items to museum in paris .
sarah foot began swimming outside after a dip on hampstead heath .     now goes for regular dips in the bracing 8c waters of the north sea .     says nothing beats the ` silky smooth ' feeling of swimming in cold water .
it 's national park week , and that means the parks are free april 18-19 .     stargazing , revolutionary war programs and other fun happens this week .
chefs should embrace ` le doggy bag ' to stop edible food going in the bin .     food waste costs average french household hundreds of pounds a year .     popular practice was previously ` unthinkable ' for french food lovers .
former rangers manager and chairman walter smith hopes that the worst of the off-field drama at ibrox over so they can target new stability .     rangers are aiming for a return to the spl as soon as possible .     however , promotion from the championship is proving difficult .
an indiana public school performance of american pie ended in tragedy wednesday when a riser buckled just as dozens danced on-stage .     more than a dozen people were injured at the westfield high performance and one student was taken to a hospital in critical condition .     students said there had been no issues when they previously practiced the song on the stage with the same number of people .
fareed zakaria : isis has thrived because of a local sunni cause in syria and iraq .     leaders of isis have recognized they are a messaging machine , he says .
the died of cancer at his home in santa monica , california .     he usually took a back seat to the younger , more glamorous characters on the show .
an annual photography competition produced some amazing works that give some insight into life on the land .     judges look for images that illustrate the northern territory 's unique outback lifestyle and their distinct people .     marie muldoon won the competition with a heartwarming shot of her daughter cuddling up to a horse .     the categories include ` industry at work or play ' , ` nt landcapes ' and ` best portrait of person or animal '     the competition is run in conjunction with the northern territory cattlemen 's association 's annual conference .
manchester united are missing four players in key positions ahead of the crucial premier league game with title rivals chelsea at stamford bridge .     daley blind , michael carrick , phil jones and marcos rojo are all out injured .     wayne rooney could be dropped deeper into midfield to compensate .     the decision to play rooney in midfield has been an unpopular one before .
pope francis played key role in re-establishing diplomatic ties between cuba and u.s.     `` contacts with the cuban authorities are still in too early a phase , '' vatican spokesman says .
show will return with a one-hour special , followed by spinoff , star john stamos says .     he announced the show monday night on `` jimmy kimmel live ''
next month 's visit to moscow by the north korean leader is off .     this victory day marks the 70 years since the soviet victory over germany in world war ii .
jean-mcconville , 37 , was taken from her belfast home by masked gang .     she was accused of being a british army informer by republicans .     the mother-of-ten was suffocated with a plastic bag and shot dead .     gerry adams said incidents like her murder happen ` in every single conflict '
victorino chua , 49 , wrote 13-page document describing his battle with depression and physical injury .     described note as ` bitter nurse confession ' and said he had a ` devil in me '     claimed he had contemplated suicide but thought he 'd go ` straight to hell '     chua denies murdering three patients at stockport hospital in 2011 .
yes , it is possible to steal a robe from your hotel without being charged .     many properties often have extra complimentary amenities up for grabs .     but beware of minibar glasses - they 're often cleaned with furniture polish .     author jacob tomsky answers every question you have about hotel stays .
tiger woods begins his 20th masters ranked a lowly 111th in the world .     former world no 1 turned on the charm ahead of masters 2015 at augusta .     american was joined by girlfriend lindsay vonn and his children .     a fifth green jacket would take the 39-year-old 's major haul to 15 .     click here for all the latest news from the masters 2015 .
michelle obama has jokingly issued a warning to motorists in the washington d.c. area that eldest daughter malia is now a licensed driver .     the first lady was making a special appearance on live ! with kelly and michael broadcast from the white house on monday .     mrs. obama also noted that both her teenager daughters are very familiar with the concept of sarcasm .     ` when they get a little snarky , i 'm like , `` oh , you sound like your dad ! '' '     tens of thousands of people gathered on the white house south lawn on monday for the annual easter egg roll festivities .
a fight took an unusual turn outside a grafton pub late friday night .     a woman reportedly joined an altercation armed with two rubber sex toys .     witnesses say she was swinging them in the air , threatening bystanders .     ` out of nowhere this other woman joined the fray with a dildo in each hand '     police attended the scene but no complaints were made about the woman .
huddersfield have plummeted to ninth in super league after a horrible easter .     paul anderson admits his misfiring side need to change going forward .     they face catalan dragons , who have the best defence around , on sunday .
photos taken for bbc show being human see aidan turner with a full ` rug '     ... but his chest hair in poldark 's shirtless scenes looks distinctly pruned .     fans take to twitter to comment on new poldark male grooming debate .     aidan admits he uses baby oil to make his muscles look good in the series .
japanese cookery programme miniature space is set in a a tiny kitchen .     videos demonstrate how to make different foods in miniature form .     petite kitchen equipped with mini spatula , tongs and knives .
the alarm system at the former president 's houston property failed around september 2013 but was not replaced until december 2014 .     it came after an agent recommended in 2010 that the 20-year system be replaced but the request was denied .     the details emerged in a report by the department of homeland security office of inspector general released on thursday .     the report recommended that the agency reviews all security equipment .
lauren hill 's coach says she was `` an unselfish angel ''     after playing for her college , lauren hill helped raise money for cancer research .     ncaa president says she `` achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy ''
rafael correa , who claims to speak english , pictured with arm around boy .     but apparently failed to pick up meaning of the message on child 's t-shirt .     picture shared thousands of times on social media networks in ecuador .
a brace for mauro vilhete sealed a 2-0 win for barnet over gateshead and a return them to the football league next season .     the bees clinched the conference title ahead of bristol rovers .     manager martin allen has revealed the club will be celebrating with a holiday to benidorm .
wolves beat nottingham forest to continue their push towards the playoff places and all but end their opposition 's chances of promotion .     wolves are seventh , level on points with sixth-placed ipswich .     kenny jackett believes his side must maintain their focus to stay in touch .     they face leeds united in their next encounter , on easter monday .
film leaked of raheem sterling inhaling nitrous oxide just a day after he was pictured smoking shisha .     sterling put liverpool 1-0 up after just nine minutes at anfield before missing easy chance in second half .     referee lee mason missed what pundit gary neville described as a ` blatant penalty ' for newcastle 's ayoze perez .     welsh midfielder joe allen then scored his first goal at anfield to put liverpool 2-0 up after 70 minutes .     france midfielder moussa sissoko sent off late on for two bookable offences .     result moves liverpool up to within four points of manchester city in fourth and is newcastle 's fifth defeat in a row .
writer took azamara club cruises ' quest vessel from monaco to rome .     the smaller ship proves more intimate and can access more ports .     stops included st tropez , porto vecchio , sardinia and amalfi .     drove along the amalfi coast to a buffalo farm in pontecagnano .
asmir begovic is entering the final year of his contract with stoke city .     the 27-year-old goalkeeper has been linked with other clubs previously .     stoke are hopeful they can arrange a new deal to warn off potential suitors .     click here for the latest premier league news .
wylie brys and his dad , dallas zookeeper tim brys , were digging for fossils near a local grocery store when they made the discovery in september .     after seven months , they acquired permits to dig up the bones .     scientists from southern methodist university are helping with excavation .     fossils are expected for be from a nodosaur , a pony-sized herbivore with scaly , plated skin .
benik afobe fired wolves ahead on 46 minutes with a low right-footed shot .     bakary sako doubled the visitors lead from the penalty spot on 72 minutes .     dexter blackstock scored a late consolation for the hosts in injury time .     win moves wolves on to 68 points with six games remaining .
graeme mcdowell will play ` aggressive ' golf to end his poor masters record .     the 35-year-old has only made the cut twice in seven attempts at augusta .     mcdowell has just recovered from an ankle injury ahead of the masters .     click here for all the latest golf news .
video shows espn reporter britt mchenry berating and belittling a tow company worker .     drexler : she was wrong to act that way , but are n't we too quick to judge without seeing full video ?
zoo weekly came under fire for their scandalous anzac day issue .     the front cover featured a half-naked model holding a red poppy .     the department of veteran affairs said zoo could not use the word anzac .     the word ca n't be used without permission for commercial purposes .     social media users condemned the ` gross and offensive ' issue .     zoo weekly has since removed all offending images from their websites .
the men are current or former florida prison guards .     they are charged with one count of conspiracy to commit murder .
kalman kallai travelled from borden , ontario to comox , british columbia .     he brought the green rocking chair to make his journey more interesting .     along the way the traveller was accompanied by friends and his father .     the journey took nine days to complete and 4500km of land was covered .
british officers forced to accept four-day inspection from moscow experts .     uk and 11 other nato countries set to contribute to the naval exercise .     will involve 58 warships and submarines , 50 aircraft and 3,000 land forces .
sensors in the optimal case track subtle changes in a phone 's temperature .     micro-fans inside the case cool the phone down if it gets too hot .     while built-in resistance coils gently heat the device if it gets too cold .     case is launching on indiegogo this week , but prices have n't been revealed .
sudan is guarded day and night by rangers to keep him from poachers .     his horn has been removed to stop it being lost to illegal trade .     rhino horn fetching as much as # 47,000 per kilo as demand grows .
decorated former argentina international esteban cambiasso says that keeping leicester up this season would be like ` another cup '     the former inter milan and real madrid midfielder joined leicester last summer on a free transfer , signing a one-year deal .     leicester are currently bottom of the premier league table with 19 points from 29 games and take on west ham in their next fixture .
remmie , 18 , got a piercing across the top of her ear .     she hoped it would make her stand out from the crowd .     went ahead with piercing against advice of her mother .     her body tried to heal the wound by producing scar tissue .     created an unsightly lump known as a keloid scar .     extreme beauty disasters is on tlc , thursdays at 8pm .
marcelo bosch kicked penalty with last play of the game for victory .     saracens took a half-time lead of 6-5 despite racing 's dominance .     penalties from charlie hodgson -lrb- two -rrb- and alex goode for sarries .     racing 92 scrum-half maxime machenaud scored the game 's only try .     saracens will return to france to face clermont auvergne in the semi .
freddie gray was arrested on a weapons charge april 12 ; he was dead seven days later .     he was put in a police van after his arrest ; it 's unclear what happened inside the van .     gray has a criminal history but it 's not known if that had anything to do with his arrest or death .
jordan henderson looking for # 100,000-a-week contract at liverpool .     the reds vice-captain is approaching the final year of his current deal .     henderson has already rejected a five-year deal worth # 80,000 per week .
danny welbeck met up with sportsmail 's martin keown .     welbeck thanks fans and staff for making him so welcome at arsenal .     former manchester united striker talks about scoring at old trafford .     welbeck wants to be a striker , but says playing on the wing is easier in a front three than when part of a midfield four .     arsenal take on reading at wembley on saturday evening .
the germanwings tragedy has ignited debate about depression in pilots .     author , vanhoenacker is a senior first officer with british airways .     he wants the reader to simply understand his passion for his job .
cambridge academic victoria miller has been researching the codpiece .     says those used in wolf hall were too small to be historically accurate .     star mark rylance blamed the size on the show 's american producers .     drama tells story of sir thomas cromwell 's rise in king henry viii 's court .
jack andraka , now 18 , became depressed when a close family friend died .     uncle ted passed away from pancreatic cancer .     jack then developed a test for detecting pancreatic cancer .     it won the top award at a prestigious international science competition .     breakthrough is an inspiring story for would-be scientists .
alice barker danced in legendary apollo and zanzibar clubs during the 1930s harlem renaissance , as well as movies , tv and commercials .     but she had lost her old photographs with time , and no one could find her videos because of a misspelling of her name .     david shuff , who met barker years ago , reunited her with some of her short musical films known then as ` soundies '     the videos now play in the common room of her retirement home , where shuff says she is a ` rock star '
chief secretary to the treasury caught drinking with high-class call girl .     the encounter between belle de jour and danny alexander was innocent .     the two were snapped at bar one in inverness on friday at the nip festival .
footage shows a traffic stop and early interactions between officer michael slager and walter scott .     the two men speak , and then scott gets out of the car , running .     slager , charged with murder , was fired from the north charleston police department .
the u.s. court of appeals has rejected the band 's argument that the government 's refusal to grant a trademark violated free speech rights .     the band say they chose their name as a way to reclaim the disparaging term .     ruling could have implications for whether the national football league 's washington redskins should lose its trademarks .
the ramp agent fell asleep in the plane 's cargo hold .     he can no longer work on alaska airlines flights .
homeowner built cabin near anchorage valley after forest fire .     when the trees started growing again , they did n't want to lose the view .     so they built another cabin on top , and carried on until it was 12 high .     it has been affectionately dubbed the ` dr seuss tower ' and attracts fans .
fifty top fashionistas all posted photos of the same lord & taylor dress on instagram at the weekend .     the retailer has admitted that the bloggers got ` unspecified compensation ' to lend their credability and give the dress their seal of approval .     the ploy proved an instant success as the $ 88 paisley asymmetrical dress sold out and created an online buzz for the entire design lab collection .     the deal highlights the gray area of bloggers failing to disclose when they 've received payment for promoting some goods and services .
three men were trapped inside container at wetherill park in sydney .     authorities worked to free the men shortly after 11am on thursday .     they had been unloading timber from container when it fell on them .     two men died at the scene and the other was seriously injured .
kim kardashian : hollywood and lindsay lohan 's the price of fame apps .     users create an aspiring celebrity and rise to fame in the games .     everyone is either a potential love-interest , career-booster , or enemy .
john helinski 's id and social security cards had been stolen .     his case worker and a cop had to get foreign id papers to get him a driver 's license .     then helinski remembered a bank account he used to have .
slovenian archaeologist ivan Šprajc discovers ancient mayan cities in the jungles of mexico .     his discoveries could help explain why so many mayan cities were abandoned before the arrival of the spaniards .
56 women with cystic fibrosis have been photographed so far for ian pettigrew 's upcoming photography book salty girls .     the 46-year-old from ontario , canada , said the project is ` dedicated to showing how beautiful those fighting cf truly are '     cystic fibrosis is a life-threatening genetic condition that damages the lungs and digestive system .
new range of suncreams claim to stop damage from infra-red a rays too .     some even say they protect the skin from the inside , but what 's the truth ?     consultant dermatologist bav shergill offers his expert verdict .
john tuite , 22 , and carlos santolalla , 25 , share an instagram account that their old agencies pressured them to delete .     the couple claims that the world of male modeling is n't as gay-friendly as most people believe .     the in-demand duo also djs at hot new york city clubs and rubs shoulders with celebrities .
jordan spieth carded a 64 to claim the lead on -8 after the first round .     jason day , ernie els , justin rose and charley hoffman three shots behind .     rory mcilroy kept alive his hopes of claiming career grand slam with 71 .     injury-hit tiger woods recorded a 73 in just his third start of the year .
two men had made the diy boat at their home using scrap wood and glue .     but the pair became stranded from the shore after their oars snapped .     rescuers were stunned to see a homemade boat being taken out to sea .
conor mcgregor takes on champion jose aldo in las vegas on july 11 .     the two men recently completed a world-tour to promote the fight .     mcgregor is unbeaten in the ufc and insists he will be the next champion .     he grabbed aldo 's belt when the pair came face-to-face in dublin .     click here for all the latest ufc news .
president obama attends howard university roundtable on climate change and public health .     linking climate change to how it affects a person 's health is a new way to talk about the subject .
fabio lavato popped the question to laura knight at their local cineworld .     he created a proposal video that was played at the end of the trailers .     laura said yes and was too excited to watch the rest of the film .
antonio nuñez , 59 , was arguing with girlfriend at 4am at home in texas .     it escalated and he stabbed the woman in the backside with pitchfork .     she pepper sprayed him , called 911 , is in hospital recovering .
an afghan lawmaker is among 64 people wounded in the attack , police say .     taliban spokesman denies his group was responsible for the attack .
dove took self criticisms from real women and repeated them out loud .     created in france , campaign highlights the way we bully ourselves daily .     ' i hope my daughter never speaks to herself like that '
keith curle is one of only four england players to currently manage .     former manchester city player has managed clubs including mansfield , chester , torquay and notts county before ending up at carlisle .     curle turned his back on a career in punditry to remain on the sidelines .     ' i have done a bit for sky and i really enjoyed it but first and foremost i am a coach and manager , ' he said .
the public texas university first balked at disclosing the actor 's fee but has since caved , saying a confidentiality agreement is no longer binding .     actor 's jk livin foundation provides ` tools to help high school students lead active lives and make healthy choices for the future '
fulham scrapped a draw at home to fellow strugglers rotherham .     matt derbyshire gave the away side an early lead from close range .     ross mccormack poked home an equaliser in the second half .     fans booed heavily when the final whistle was blown at craven cottage .
former face of nbc nightly news was suspended for lying about iraq .     falsely claimed he was in military helicopter downed by rpg fire .     bosses began investigation into other tall tales in wake of scandal .     nbc 's ceo reportedly told in recent briefing that 11 instances emerged .     include seemingly overblown claims about reporting on the arab spring .
rangers winger david templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss stuart mccall .     he feels that the new regime is far better than that under ally mccoist and kenny mcdowall .     templeton has singled out a new-found intensity and more astute tactics as reasons behind the recent upturn in fortunes at ibrox .     rangers go into saturday 's game with championship title-winners hearts off the back of two consecutive wins .
john thurston started building the bizarre vessel while getting divorced .     he took the hull of a catamaran and placed the caravan on top .     the 80-year-old enjoys cruising up and down the river swale in kent .
fabien le coq took photos of trees from the bottom looking up .     the branches take on their own patterns in the sky : `` each tree has its own personality ''
chris smalling in contention but luke shaw and jonny evans out .     robin van persie will not be risked by manchester united .     vincent kompany a doubt for manchester city with hamstring injury .     wilfried bony , stevan jovetic and dedryck boyata will be absent for city .
this book is an exquisite account of what farming life is really like .     the stark prose brilliantly evokes the horror of the foot-and-mouth of 2001 .     rebanks studied for a degree at oxford before returning to his rural roots .
dean obeidallah : apple 's new emoji lineup is diverse in race , ethnicity and sexual orientation .     it 's just like america , but what took apple so long ? obeidallah asks .     he says change may rankle -lrb- or win over ? -rrb- conservatives who discriminate against people because of their sexual orientation .
russia says kim jong un has canceled trip to moscow .     frida ghitis : gauging kim 's state of mind no easy task .
the ancient tuscan town is based 40 miles south east of genoa .     little is known about much of the settlement 's origin or history .     seismic instability noted as a reason for the mass abandonment .     today the town is seen as italy 's most famous abandoned location .     folklore suggests that the depreciating settlement is haunted .
tinside lido in plymouth boasts fountains and views of the isle of wight .     the beautiful llyn y fan fach in wales is haunted by a ` lade of the lake '     nantwich has the last inland brine pool in the country for aches and pains .
andrew hichens on call to deal with crimes , fires and medical emergencies .     first person to be trained and equipped as a first responder to all 999 calls .     emergency services brought together under one roof in hayle , cornwall .     but devon and cornwall police federation chair called it a ` publicity stunt '
father : `` i know he went through what he went through ''     louis jordan was found on his sailboat , which was listing and in bad shape , rescuer says .     he appears to be in good shape , physically and mentally .
england close day one of first test against west indies on 341 for five .     ian bell , joe root and ben stokes all played well to lead the recovery .     england 's top three were all dismissed cheaply to leave england in a hole .     when england were 34 for three i received a lot of comments about my supposed motivational skills . i replied that i only spoke to the middle order .     paul newman 's day one report from antigua .
james best , who played the sheriff on `` the dukes of hazzard , '' died monday at 88 .     `` hazzard '' ran from 1979 to 1985 and was among the most popular shows on tv .
australian radio host stands up for women going through ivf treatment .     mel started her own ivf treatment and was showing solidarity with others .     she uploaded photographs of injecting herself for the first time on her blog .     ' i joined a new club ... it 's the ivf baby club , ' the 33-year-old said .     she married her fiancé steven pollack at byron bay in november .
here are six of cnn 's best videos of the week .     clips include a look at mike tyson 's abandoned mansion .
travellers stopping at the st. cloud airport in minnesota can hunt turkey .     pittsburgh airport offers deer hunting permits on its 800 acres of land .     san francisco offers its guests a choice of two yoga rooms to unwind in .
simon wood , 38 , from oldham won masterchef last friday .     father-of-four got cooking skills by feeding culinary creations to his kids .     the award-winning chef says one of his favourite meals is a plain omelette .
tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today allowing guests to marvel at the colossal snow walls .     the 1000ft section can be walked by visitors , and usually draws a million tourists every year .     the snowy section is part of a 37km route , with sights such as kurobe dam and the hida mountains on the way .
misao okawa , the world 's oldest person dies at the age of 117 .     she passed away on wednesday morning in japan .
frankie dettori made it six winners in four days at newbury on saturday .     dettori rode a 441-1 treble complete with famous flying dismounts .     italian rode charlie hills-trained greenham stakes winner muhaarar .     earlier in week it was confirmed dettori would concentrate in british racing .
andrew caldwell , 21 , went viral in november after footage from a st. louis megachurch showed him screaming ' i do n't like mens no more '     he claimed to have been ` delivered ' , or cured of being gay .     caldwell had yogurt thrown at him at a froyo in delmar on wednesday .     he claims the employee recognized him and lashed out .     however the worker , stephanie diaz , said caldwell called her a ` dog '
ashley james joined forces with peta to star in the grisly campaign .     harvey nichols abandoned its strict fur-free policy last year .     liberty london , selfridges and house of fraser are still anti-fur .
leah williamson scores penalty as england earn 2-2 against norway .     uefa ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed after a refereeing mistake .     the action lasted 65 seconds from point whistle was blown to full-time .     referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to norway for encroachment after disallowing england 's penalty on saturday .     england were 2-1 down to norway at the time in the 96th minute .     german kurtes , 28 , has been sent home following her error .     three lions earn 3-1 victory against switzerland meaning a 2-2 will be enough for european championship qualification .     norway beat northern ireland 8-1 to keep things tight in group 4 .     it is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by uefa .     watch video below of the controversial penalty incident .     read : graham poll 's expert verdict on uefa 's bizarre decision .
appleinsider spotted nine listings in the past month relating to batteries .     these include one for an ios battery life software engineer and another for ios software power systems engineer .     apple significantly improved the battery life on its iphone 6 and 6 plus .     but it has been criticised for phones and tablets that only do n't last a day .
warning comes from the london eye hospital in harley street .     comes after rise in patients previously given poor information or care .     said laser eye surgeons are presently only required to be registered as doctors - and no specialist qualifications are legally required .
willis never trademarked her most-famous work , calling it `` my gift to the city ''     she created some of the city 's most famous neon work .
`` i had never seen a judge conduct himself in that way , '' defendant 's lawyer says .     a judge reduces prison sentences for 3 educators in the atlanta public schools cheating scandal .     `` i 'm not comfortable with it , '' judge jerry baxter said of the original longer sentences .
florida mailman breaches no-fly zone and lands gyro-copter on us capitol west front lawn .     doug hughes , 61 , concocted the stunt to raise awareness of campaign finance reform .     flew undetected from an undisclosed location near to washington d.c and landed at 2pm .     stunned bystanders just watched as the helicopter flew past the gen. ulysses grant statue and came to a halt .     he has been planning the stunt for two years and said he kept his wife in the dark about it .
the illusion is the work of german body-painting artist joerg duesterwald , who spent hours painting his model .     stunning set of pictures was taken in front of a rockface in a forest in langenfeld , germany , yesterday .
lewis hamilton qualified in pole position for sunday 's bahrain grand prix .     ferrari 's sebastian vettel pipped mercedes ' nico rosberg to second .     rosberg 's father keke was 1982 world champion .     rosberg and his wife vivian are expecting their first child in august .     while hamilton courts fame and has a lavish lifestyle , rosberg 's focus is on his family while his life is more settled .
becky james is in her last week of rehab following a serious knee injury .     james is hoping she can resume ` normal training ' in upcoming weeks .     the 23-year-old supported boyfriend george north during six nations .
princess , 25 , looked chic in a white and gold dress .     mingled with kelly brook and dakota fanning at the dinner .     cousin of princes william and harry is working at auction house in city .
complex human conversation began around 50,000 to 100,000 years ago .     professor shigeru miyagawa notes single words bear traces of syntax .     he says this shows the words came from an older , syntax-laden system .     he believes humans combined an ` expressive ' layer of language , as seen in birdsong , with a ` lexical ' layer , as seen in monkeys .
andreas lubitz , the co-pilot who crashed the germanwings flight , battled with depression .     jay ruderman and jo ann simons : society must talk about mental illness to help people cope with it better .
experts first identified the rare condition in 2000 , noting seven symptoms .     sufferers first appear anxious and agitated and are consumed by a need to be clean before donning a toga-like gown often made from bed linen .     they are then overcome by the need to scream verses from the bible .     a procession to one of the city 's holy places is followed by them delivering a ` sermon ' in public .
lily sharp convinced her mother that she had been kidnapped .     she text her mum pretending to be a kidnapper demanding a ransom .     unsurprisingly her panicked parent did not find the trick funny .     twitter post received 18,000 retweets and 25,000 favourites .
the spanish royal made a speech at the woman awards in madrid .     she presented mexican actress salma hayek with an award .     letizia was glamorous in a sequinned dress and showed off a bob .     backless dress revealed a set of sharply defined back muscles .     ms hayek , 48 , brought her seven-year-old daughter valentina along .
bath and yale university scientists reveal clean hydrogen power .     using a new material they say it can be generated from easily from water .     a new molecular catalyst splits water and makes storable energy .     breakthrough could provide the world with more sustainable fuels .
west brom lost 3-2 to qpr earlier in the season having led the game 2-0 .     hoops midfielder joey barton accused the baggies of losing their cool in a result that would contribute to former manager alan irvine 's sacking .     new boss tony pulis has admitted that barton ` probably had a point '     the two teams meet in the premier league on saturday at the hawthorns .     pulis has steadied the ship at west brom since taking over in january and the club looks unlikely to be relegated this term .
farmer from eastern china confesses he 's puzzled by the newborn kid .     the 20-day-old goat was born with four fore legs and two hind legs .     owner says unusual animal has an extraordinary appetite and is playful .     extra legs wo n't be removed as farmer wants kid to grow up naturally .
flights diverted from dubai international airport because of freak weather .     a 24-year-old was seriously injured in car collision during the sandstorm .     forecasters warn high winds are set to continue over the weekend .
gran canaria is one of the most popular winter holidays for britons .     it is said to have the best climate in the world , according to a us scientist .     instead of driving the motorways , take the winding mountain roads to see cobbled villages .
jamie carragher believes brendan rodgers is the right man for liverpool .     rodgers under pressure after a third straight season without a trophy .     liverpool are also on course to finish outside the top four this season .     carragher received a beacon award for his community work on tuesday .
police have said they believe william tyrrell may be alive after six months .     they revealed this information has changed the focus of the investigation .     police have issued a strong warning for anyone found connected .     the parents of the toddler released a heartfelt plea for his safe return .     his mother spoke of the moment she realised he was missing .     she said she searched the house in circles telling him to yell out .     his mother said she knew he was missing when she could n't hear him .     the toddler vanished from his home in kendall , nsw in september 2014 .
romelu lukaku to have late fitness test on hamstring complaint .     kevin mirallas and steven pienaar in contention to feature for toffees .     steven davis a doubt for southampton with groin injury .     saints striker jay rodriguez working way back to full fitness .
boris johnson said he hopes to be considered for tory leadership after pm .     but london mayor insisted position would not become vacant for 5 years .     david cameron named mr johnson as one of three potential successors .
united finished the game with 10 men after michael carrick came off .     sergio aguero reached the 100-goal mark faster than any other city player .     james milner hurled an energy pouch to the floor in frustration after he was replaced by samir nasri .     united felt that martin demichelis overreacted when caught by a flailing arm from marouane fellaini .
gloucester led 13-11 at half-time thanks to a billy meakes try .     a charlie walker try and two nick evans penalties kept quins in the hunt .     charlie sharples register another try for the cheery and whites .     but two more evans three-pointers kept the home side in front .     late tries from marland yarde and ollie lindsay-hague secured the win .
lakenya hall of kenner , lousiana was arrested after driving six children to a fight .     this after they had already been in a fight at their bus stop .     two of the chidlren were hall 's , ages 15 and 11 , and one boy , 14 , was shot in the leg .     hall was charged with six counts of contributing to the delinquency of a juvenile and disturbing the peace .     her two sons as well as the man who shot the child hall brought to the fight were also arrested .     more arrests are expected as police say their is a video of the fight .
alissa sizemore , from vernal , utah , was only seven-years-old when her right leg had to be amputated below the knee after she was hit by a truck .     the dancer removed her prosthetic leg midway though her emotional performance .     alissa recently starred in a music video for the utah-based musical trio gentri .
yamini karanam , 26 , was diagnosed with a pineal brain tumour .     surgeons operating to extract the growth made a startling discovery .     they found a teratoma - an embryonic twin with bone , hair and teeth .     teratomas are often found in ovaries , testes but more rarely in the brain .
41-year-old mother-of-two has battled back from injury .     will take part in london marathon on sunday but wo n't race competitively .     she set marathon world record on the course in 2003 .     but also suffered embarrassment with loo stop in 2005 event .
marseille manager marcelo bielsa has previously been nicknamed ` el loco '     bielsa 's bible says : ` running is commitment , running is understanding , running is everything '     marseille face psg at home on sunday night in ligue 1 title clash .
ursula ward 's wrongful death suit against hernandez , 25 , is set to proceed .     suit seeking unspecified damages was put on hold during criminal trial .     hernandez made millions and had $ 40million contract at time of murder .     convicted april 15 of first-degree murder for killing lloyd in june of 2013 .
the time lapse footage captures the train descending the 9km long track .     video opens in tunnel built into swiss mountain before train heads outside .     train passes skiers before picking up speed and reaching the station .     the track runs from kleine scheidegg -lrb- 2061m -rrb- to jungraujoch -lrb- 3454m -rrb- .     opened in 1912 , the track is visited by more than 800,000 people per year .
businessman kim davies bought llanwenarth house in monmouthshire in 2006 and spent # 1million on renovations .     he installed a whirlbooth bath with shiny tiles , put up gaudy chandeliers and ripped out antique timber windows .     davies has now pleaded guilty to breaking planning laws by altering the historic grade ii-listed home .     poet cecil frances alexander wrote all things bright and beautiful while staying at the house in 1848 .
drunk teenage boy climbed into lion enclosure at zoo in west india .     rahul kumar , 17 , ran towards animals shouting ` today i kill a lion ! '     fortunately he fell into a moat before reaching lions and was rescued .
william barber : mcdonald 's will raise minimum wage $ 1 for 10 % of workers . this is a step in right direction but falls short in three ways .     he says it leaves out 90 % of workers , is not enough to lift workers from poverty , company prevents workers from speaking out in a union .
the post and courier newspaper of charleston , south carolina was awarded the gold medal for public service .     meanwhile , the new york times won three pulitzer prizes for international reporting and feature photography for its ebola coverage in west africa .     the pulitzer prizes , awarded annually by columbia university recognize extraordinary work in u.s. journalism , literature , and drama .     other winners included : the st. louis post-dispatch , the seattle times and the wall street journal for their contributions .
indianara carvalho , 23 , triumphed in 2014 's miss bumbum contest .     she posted the controversial nude to instragram snap on good friday .     fans blasted the model for her lack of ` respect ' to god .     last year , miss carvalho had vaginal surgery to ` restore ' her virginity .
anthony joshua has now won his first 11 professional fights .     he needed just three rounds to beat jason gavern in newcastle .     gavern was dropped twice in round two and again in the third .     joshua now takes on kevin johnson at the o2 on may 30 .
german forces launched first attack using gas on april 22 , 1915 .     150,000 tons of gas were used by german and allied forces in ww1 .     around one million soldiers were exposed to gas and 90,000 killed .     prohibition of chemical weapons organisation to hold memorial event .
two baggage handlers were caught on camera at the airport in riyadh .     video shows them hurling luggage without regard for the contents .     clip begins with a suitcase being thrown and landing with a heavy thud .     some bags appeared to be heavy or wrapped as though they were fragile .     authorities said two supervisors and three workers have been sacked .
darius is world 's largest rabbit at 4ft 4in , weighing three and a half stone .     but his son jeff is 3ft 8in and still has six months left of growing to do .     the monstrous pair are owned by annette edwards , of worcestershire .     both munch through 2,000 carrots and 700 apples per year , costing # 5,000 .
a woman at an ohio walmart says an officer forced her to sit in her car after she left her dog sitting in the parking lot april 12 .     last year , a truth or consequences , new mexico woman filed a complaint alleging a similar mistreatment .
the burmese capital was moved from yangon -lrb- rangoon -rrb- to naypyidaw , inexplicably , about a decade ago .     despite multi-million dollar efforts to build up the city , foreigners are not keen to visit and locals refuse to relocate .     the official numbers reveal a population of 924,000 , but rarely have people been photographed walking outside .
ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had time to go to an la courthouse to pay a fine .     but while she was there , she felt the baby coming - and knew she did not have enough time to get to hospital .     officers ran to her aid and caught baby malachi as he was born .
three british men wo n't be charged or deported , their lawyer says .     they were arrested after plane spotting near fujairah airport and have been in jail since february 22 .
school print shop operator ron lane was killed , college president says .     the man believed to be the gunman is identified as former student kenneth stancil .     the two knew each other , authorities say .
scientist : fossils once renamed should again be classified as brontosaurus .     study took five years and involved visits to 20 museums worldwide .
austin hatfield of wimauma was keeping the potentially deadly snake , aka a cottonmouth , in a pillow case in his bedroom .     a friend said hatfield 's ` not afraid of death ' and the 18-year-old won himself the chance to face death down on saturday .     hatfield was rushed to a tampa hospital in critical condition but has since improved and he 's expected to recover .
nancy kanwisher works at the massachusetts institute of technology .     she used her bare scalp to explain what the different brain regions are .     the short video was posted on the scientist 's brain talks website .
queen victoria 's holiday residence was osborne house on the isle of wight .     but her journeys there involved train and ferry ride and then another train ride to a station more than two miles from the property .     in 1875 , a station was built at whippingham just to serve royal residence .     building is now a five-bedroom home , currently on the market for # 625,000 .
a youtube video shows the scale of an avalanche on mount everest on saturday .     eight nepalis are dead at everest , but not identified ; three americans are also dead .     helicopter rescues are underway to retrieve climbers stranded on everest .
badou jack beat anthony dirrell on points at the uic pavilion .     it saw jack narrowly claim the wbc super-middleweight title .     george groves is the mandatory challenger for the title .
people magazine has named actress sandra bullock the most beautiful woman in the world .     `` be a good person ; be a good mom ; do a good job with the lunch , '' she says .
floyd mayweather v manny pacquiao is now just nine days away .     sportsmail 's jeff powell has been counting down the greatest fights .     in the sixth of a series of 12 fights that shaped boxing history , we have sugar ray leonard v roberto duran .     leonard humiliated his opponent until he said ` no mas ' - no more .     it took duran three years to reclaim his mantle as a hero in panama .
john truong of renton , washington says sister dropped off 2-year-old boy ronnie tran at his house tuesday .     sister alyssa chang told him the boy was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to have a date night .     while scanning facebook the next morning , truong read an amber alert issued for the boy and then called police .     truong 's sister was arrested for kidnapping tran and his mother , with the help of the toddler 's grandmother , 65-year-old vien nguyen .     nguyen later turned herself into police for questioning .     the motive for the abduction has not yet been released .
clare goldwin has forked out for pricey boden clothes for her daughter .     but she has never wanted to be labelled a boden ` yummy mummy ' herself .     the brand seems to have its style and the fashion world is impressed .     clare put a selection of their latest outfits to the test for femail .
ashley arenson said dan fredinburg , 33 , made those around him feel special .     was one of four americans to die at mount everest base camp on saturday .     she said he returned to the area following the devastating avalanche in 2014 .     the engineer had been mapping out the area for google maps since 2013 .     arenson urged people to live life to the fullest , because that is what dan did .
hikers often stumble upon the unusual concrete markers and wonder why they were built .     the arrows directed the first air mail planes across the us to deliver post .     they lay at the bottom of lit beacons and showed pilots the direction to fly in to arrive at the next air field .     while they are no longer used , many lie forgotten until they are found by arrow-hunting fans .
has appeared in hobbs and seraphine during her pregnancy .     some of her outfits have cost as little as # 35 , among them asos dress .     recycled dalmatian print hobbs coat from her last pregnancy .
novak djokovic beat john isner 7-6 . 6-2 in their miami semi-final .     the world no 1 will take on andy murray in sunday 's final .     djokovic is bidding to win his fifth title at key biscayne .
dr habeeb latheef is accused of sexually assaulting three of his patients .     assaults allegedly happened at hendford medical centre in yeovil .     one woman patient , 37 , went to see gp with a stiff neck and headache .
jimmy anderson two wickets behind sir ian botham 's record of 383 .     the 32-year-old is playing in his 100th test match for england .     anderson hopes to break botham 's record for most wickets in this test .     england have 17 tests in nine months and must be careful with jimmy .     anderson will be crucial to any hopes of regaining the ashes urn .
canadian policeman luke watson had his hair dyed as part of the day of pink event to fight against bullying in schools .     the event was started after two students stopped bullies from harassing a gay classmate in nova scotia .
tiger woods drilled an iron into a tree root on the ninth hole at augusta .     revealed his wrist bone popped out as a result - so he forced it back .     this is the latest of a string of unfortunate injuries for the 39-year-old .     he ended the tournament tied for 17th , his best finish in over a year .     21-year-old texan jordan spieth became the youngest winner since woods .
bmw mini made the concept augmented vision goggles with qualcomm .     give wearers x-ray vision when parking and pop-up data on the dashboard .     elvis-style glasses are also designed to be worn out of the car .     there 's no news about whether the goggles will ever go on sale .
holly barber , 25 , thought she was hungover but began coughing up blood .     hospital tests revealed 13 clots called pulmonary embolisms in her lungs .     incredibly , a year later doctors found a melon-sized blockage in her lung .     she must now take blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life .
`` the muppets '' might return to television on abc .     `` the big bang theory '' co-creator bill prady is co-writing a pilot script .     the old muppet gang would return for the variety show .
cute but clumsy elephant calf was following his mother though the bush .     suddenly the youngster appeared to catch his foot and his lose balance .     fell over and landed - trunk first - down in the mud at idube game reserve .
92 percent of americans say it is important to get an annual head-to-toe physical exam .     randomized trials going back to the 1980s just do n't support that belief .
vinnie jones will accompany josh warrington into the ring on saturday .     warrington is a leeds fan and jones spent a season at the club in 1989/90 .     he will follow justin bieber , puff daddy and the gallagher brothers .     they have walked in boxers like floyd mayweather and ricky hatton .
erik de vries and josephine egberts lost contact after parents ' divorce .     years later , erik , 24 , swiped right on what was his sister 's tinder profile .     pair flirted before realising they were related and brother and sister .
etienne gould nunan was not breathing when he was born at just 26 weeks .     he had a hole in his heart , a brain bleed and went on to suffer pneumonia , a collapsed lung and endure 58 blood transfusions to fight infections .     parents were delighted to finally take him home after 5 months in hospital .     they would like to use his story to encourage people to give blood .
hugh rodham 's tombstone is found tipped over in scranton , pennsylvania .     it was reported two days after hillary clinton announced her presidential bid .
two underwater suites at atlantis , the palm boast floor-to-ceiling views directly into a massive aquarium .     the views from the master bedrooms and bathrooms create the illusion of being under the sea .     with a base price of just under # 5,500 -lrb- $ 8,200 -rrb- a night , each suite comes with 24-hour private butler service .     butlers have received requests for everything from camel rides to a skydiver dressed as santa claus .     the 1,500-room hotel is located on the palm jumeirah artificial island off the coast of dubai .
luke shaw joined manchester united for # 31.5 million in the summer .     the 19-year-old admits ashley young is the biggest joker at the club .     players hung a fake bird in the dressing room after young was hit in mouth .     shaw says united goalkeeper david de gea is the ` nicest guy in football '     read luke shaw : ` i 'd give myself a c - for my debut united season '
the mail on sunday 's brilliant gp with all the health answers you need .
louis van gaal handed radamel falcao a surprise start against chelsea .     falcao has struggled at manchester united since his loan move .     the colombian has only scored four goals all season in 22 appearances .     falcao had just 19 touches in the first half at stamford bridge .     the united forward struggled to deal with chelsea captain john terry .
if you turned on the television this past sunday , a new vision of jesus came into view . darker , in mood and skin tone . earthy rather than ethereal .     according to the apostle paul , almost every depiction of jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong .
christian benteke 's superb hat-trick against qpr secured a vital point for aston villa in their fight against relegation .     fabian delph also gave an assured performance for villa in midfield .     matty phillips is proving similarly key for the hoops and notched his sixth assist of 2015 .     charlie austin scored his 17th premier league goal of the campaign .
sonia sharrock 's stud farm near maitland , in the hunter region of new south wales , was badly flooded .     the water rose rapidly and the horses became tangled in barbed wire when the could n't see the fences .     her brother-in-law steve spowart decided to paddle out on his surfboard to rescue them .     he plunged down into the freezing flood water to cut them free from the barbed wire .     it took six hours in total to bring the horses up to the safety of ms sharrock 's hilltop garden .     maitland was one of the areas hardest hit in the state by what 's being called the storm of the decade .
rebecca calder posted pictures on facebook of nights out funded by theft .     carer was draining up to # 300 a day from the accounts of disabled couple .     family installed secret camera and caught her taking cash from a wallet .     police were able to match her nights out with times she withdrew cash .
judge pays $ 240,000 damages after he wrote semi-erotic poem for clerk .     clerk , marcia eisenhour , worked with court judge craig storey 25 years .     she claimed he was possessive and asked if she was in a relationship .
this page includes the show transcript .     use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .     at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .     the weekly newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news .
karlis bardelis , 30 , was scaling the cliff face in coire an lochain , scotland .     camera shows his axe come loose sending him tumbling down the cliff .     he 's eventually rescued by safety rope after a falling 10m in 3.5 seconds .     latvian bardelis remarkably escaped injury and continued with his ascent .
abdul-malik al-houthi says in a televised address that fighters will not pull out of major cities .     a top military leader pledges allegiance to yemen 's ousted president .
anonymous instagram account called chef jacques lamerde is poking fun at high-end dining .     pictures feature artistically arranged funk food , such as dunk-a-roos and cheez whiz .     the account has over 18,000 followers .     pictures are elaborately captioned : ` featuring a palate cleansing shot of fermented lake michigan water '
dai young wants to reform the current salary cap in english top flight .     it means premiership clubs are struggling to compete with french .     young 's wasps side lost 32-18 to toulon in champions cup last eight .     only saracens made it through to the last four from england .
bonnie 's skill at playing call of duty has gained her thousands of devotees .     followers pay a subscription to join her live stream and give donations too .     it has enabled her to give up her job working in hospitality .     she has more than 52,000 global followers on streaming platform twitch .     currently her twitch channel has had almost one million views .     subscribers talk to bonnie through team speak or snap chat as they play .     but she 's had to deal with online trolls and fans who are obsessed with her .
maria sharapova has been forced to withdraw with a leg injury .     russia host germany in the fed cup semi-finals in sochi this weekend .     venus williams has also pulled out because of a personal matter .     the usa travel to face italy in a world group play-off in brindisi .
three teenage boys from north-west london detained in turkey last month .     their parents phoned 999 in britain after realising they were missing .     authorities quickly made contact with turkish counterparts to block them .     now it has emerged that one of boys ' fathers worked for the mod .
west indies were 188 for five at the close of play on day one in grenada .     conditions suited england at the start of the second caribbean test .     england 's biggest weakness is a lack of something different in their attack .     mark wood , who is in the caribbean , could offer a new element .     alastair cook 's side has n't won away from home since 2012 .
photographer anthony barbour , 33 , from liverpool , turns parks , village and beaches into their own little worlds .     he spends hours slowly rotating in one spot taking the 50 pictures he needs to create just one ` planet '     uses a canon 1100d dslr with either a 18-55mm kit lens or a tokina 11-16mm to shoot the photographs .     then uses photoshop to stitch and layer the photos together to create incredible and mind-bending shots .
raheem sterling has stalled over signing a new contract with liverpool .     michael owen says any viable move for winger would be a sideways one .     owen left liverpool for real madrid in a # 16.8 million move in 2004 .     he says sterling does not owe his career to the anfield club .
bath face london irish at the rec in the aviva premiership on friday night .     sam burgess is set to play his second game at blindside flanker .     bath coach mike ford reckons burgess is more suited to the forwards .
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , posted a picture of four rainbows to twitter .     `` i had a small moment of awe , '' she said .
renner showed off his vocal skills .     he sang an ed sheeran hit .
edward moore was working at king edward 's school in witley , surrey .     had sexual intercourse with 16-year-old in his office and then cut contact .     24-year-old jailed for nine months on friday at guildford crown court .
deputies reassigned after threats , sheriff says .     the two deputies pinned eric harris to the ground and one yelled `` f*ck your breath '' at him after he was shot .
diwalinen vankar went with daughter to wash clothes in vishwamitri river .     a crocodile grabbed daughter 's leg and dragged her into river in west india .     vankar , 58 , tried to pull daughter - kanta - free from clutches of crocodile .     but after no success , she started attacking it with her washing paddle .     eventually rescued 19-year-old daughter , who only suffered minor injuries .
bad quality sleep could be to do with the layout of your bedroom .     infographic from made.com shows proven interiors tactics for better rest .     sleep experts recommended you install heavy curtains and keep pets out .
barcelona take on psg in the champions league quarter-final .     the first-leg of the tie will be played at the parc des princes on wednesday .     the two sides were drawn together in the group stage earlier this season .     barca defender adriano has warned this time will be more intense .     he has singled out lucas moura as a particular threat for psg .
singer reveals she was bedridden for five months .     could n't shower for a full week as she was unable to stand .     has ` no idea ' where she got the tick bite which must have been attached for 36 hours in order to transfer the disease .     same condition that has left real housewives star yolanda foster unable to read , write or watch tv .
real madrid have not beaten their neighbours in six meetings this season .     they will meet again in champions league last eight this week .     carlo ancelotti is under increasing pressure after poor form in 2015 .     he masterminded real 's 10th european cup triumph last season .     but that win over atletico has n't made his job any more secure .
the psa spoof highlights a series of shocking statistics about the number of women working within the movie industry .     on broadway last year , '13 out of 13 ' plays were written by men , while 88 per cent of hit movies in 2014 starred men .     the satirical video , which says it 's ` only fair ' that men ` have it all ' includes appearances from other actresses including mamie gummer .     in the clip , the women also point out several other areas in which men remain the dominant gender .
nine people have been arrested by soldiers after 500 feet long tunnel found under home in tijuana , mexico .     secret passageway accessed through trapdoor hidden inside wooden wardrobe in property bedroom .     underground tunnel was being built close to the mexican border crossing near san diego , california .     officials believe gang were constructing the passageway in a bid to smuggle drugs covertly into the u.s.
sexpert says eye contact is the most effective way to signal sexual interest .     even the simple act of blinking can demonstrate attraction .     here tracey advises on how to use your peepers to get their attention .
the eagles palace is fringed by soft beaches on the mount athos peninsula .     the greek resort boasts 164 rooms , which all have a balcony or terrace .     relax in the award-winning spa or order drinks via a button on your sunbed .
the masters 2015 crowd wanted tiger woods to do well at augusta .     he was still the 111th ranked golfer in the world . a bit erratic , a bit brilliant , a bit rusty , a bit fallible . and , fleetingly , a bit marvellous too .     the gallery was 10 , 12 deep around the greens . still in awe . still ready to applaud even the tiniest glimmer .     but the sizeable gallery is writing cheques the man in the arena can no longer cash .     click here for all the latest masters 2015 news .
the ohio department of heath released birth records for people born between january 1 , 1964 , and september 18 , 1996 , last month .     la-sonya mitchell-clark , 38 , searched her biological mother 's name on facebook after receiving her birth records in the mail .     her mother , francine simmons , had given birth at 15 years old and had to give mitchell-clark up for adoption .     the pair said they always wanted to find one another but did n't know how .     mitchell-clark 's adoptive parents have been very supportive of her search .
jamie , 13 , reuben , 13 and finley , 10 , are on their way to becoming spooks .     tv cameras allowed into london headquarters just for children 's show .     trio even got to meet with security service director general andrew parker .     stunt comes with mi5 busier than ever battling terrorism and rise of russia .
capture of charles piutau is a bold endorsement of ulster 's ambition .     leinster were forced to rest irish stars for pro 12 clash with glasgow .     nathan hughes did not deserve ban for clumsy challenge on george north .
a texas a&m galveston professor said in an email to students he would fail the entire class .     university officials wo n't necessarily stand by failing grades , cnn affiliate kprc reports .
migrants rescued in augusta , italy tell cnn why they fled .     they were packed onto two barely seaworthy boats , tug captain said .
ards council spent # 7,000 on three-course christmas dinner and disco .     staff feasted on roast turkey with all the trimmings - paid for by taxpayers .     almost # 500 was spent on balloons and christmas crackers for the party .     celebration was to ` maintain staff morale ' as the council was closing down .
rafa benitez has won 12 trophies with valencia , liverpool , inter milan , chelsea and napoli since 2002 .     benitez 's contract at napoli is up in the summer and he is set to a manager in demand .     manchester city and west ham are two clubs who could be interest in him .
royal superfans have arrived to set up camp outside the lindo wing .     margaret tyler , 71 , owns a # 10,000 collection of royal souvenirs .     fellow fan john loughery , 60 , never misses a single royal event .     both spent prince george 's birth camped outside st. mary 's hospital .
jason denayer has impressed for celtic while on loan this season .     the parkhead outfit are keen to keen to sign the youngster permanently and hope that parent club manchester city will release him .     however , city boss manuel pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to strengthen their homegrown talent pool .     denayer , 19 , entered city 's youth academy in 2013 and fits the bill .
channel islands were the only parts of the british isles occupied in the war .     may 9 is the 70th anniversary of the islands ' liberation from german rule .     guernsey , jersey et al are marking the occasion with a five-week festival .
chris riley , 56 , from dorset , says turner has the technique all wrong .     mr riley , who says his look is more iggy pop , says being topless is a no-no .     meanwhile fans have complained about lack of shirtless scenes last night .     poldark kept his shirt on for the whole of sunday night 's episode .     disappointed fans complained about the oversight on twitter .
governor david ige said he has n't decided if he will sign bill into law yet .     bill has $ 10 fine for first-time offenders , increases to $ 50 for next offenses .     similar bans exist in hawaii county and new york city .     bill 's opponents say it would be unfair to allow people to join the military but prohibit them from smoking a cigarette because of their age .
tyler grant claims a whataburger in texas denied service because grant was wearing a dress .     the whataburger says they did not let grant enter because the outfit in question was see-through .     ` if it were see-through , then she would have seen my brightly colored underwear , ' grant said on facebook .     grant claims the outfit consisted of five pairs of tights .     grant is still deciding whether or not to pursue legal action .
this residence was once just a garage for a much bigger mansion called homeden .     when homeden was being converted into flats the owners of the garage bought some of the original features .     the blackwood and copperlight archway was taken and tastefully adapted to suit the light-filled property .     the stylish 740 square-metre , four bedroom , converted residence will go to auction on 16 may .
fans dressed up with apple watch hats as they queued .     apple 's tim cook told buyers at a palo alto store sales were ` great '
karen wakefield and family appeared in bbc people like us documentary .     mother-of-two was fined for taking daughter out of school to go to turkey .     but she refused to pay the fine and could now be jailed for three months .     mrs wakefield said her and her husband could also be fined # 1,000 each and she ` does n't like being told ' when she is allowed to go on holiday .
a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid-air .     airbus a330 took off soon after 11am but was back on tarmac by 12.30 pm .     after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors .     engineers are inspecting aircraft but no evidence at this stage of a problem .
manny pacquiao continued his high intensity training with a mountain run .     filipino fighter is preparing for mega-fight with floyd mayweather jnr .     fans joined pacquiao as he climbed to the top of the griffith park summit .     the mega-fight with mayweather jnr is now less than a month away .
new video features an australian doctor called abu yusuf al-australi and an indian doctor called abu muqatil al-hindi .     both doctors appear to be desperately struggling with the tide of patients , calling for any westerners with medical skills to travel to syria .     poster bears striking resemblance to an nhs poster , featuring a doctor wearing blue scrubs and a stethoscope .     nine british medical students recently traveled from sudan to syria and are believed to have joined isis last month .     notorious british jihadi aqsa mahmood studied radiography and could be drafted into working at raqqa hospital .
swansea city beat hull city 2-1 in the premier league at the liberty stadium on saturday .     ki sung-yueng fired the hosts into the lead after 18 minutes when he turned home jonjo shelvey 's parried effort .     bafetimbi gomis doubled the lead when he fired a volley into the roof of the net eight minutes before half-time .     paul mcshane got a goal back for the visitors just five minutes after the restart , tapping in from close range .     david meyley was given a straight red card three minutes after the goal when he lunged in on kyle naughton .     gomis made it 3-1 in injury time to grab his second of the match and restore the host 's two-goal advantage .
shannon hayes spotted the tiny egg at her home in carmarthenshire .     she rescued it fearing it was going to be crushed by the regular eggs .     the 12-year-old measured the egg and discovered it was just 1.9 cm long .     it is believed the previous record holder was a 2.1 cm egg laid in somerset .
venessa harris was diagnosed with rare bone cancer at the age of 12 years .     she found out about illness just months after she won modelling contest .     mum karen monaghan said daughter was determined to become a model .     venessa 's modelling agency started a fundraising campaign to support her .     it comes as new research shows more young people are surviving cancer .     childhood cancer survival rate has risen by six per cent over past decades .
researchers at john hopkins university in baltimore showed babies magic tricks where balls seemed to pass through walls and toy cars floated on air .     11 month old infants were surprised when objects defied their expectations .     the babies then played more with the ball and car when given them later on .     scientists say the children appeared to be trying to work out their secrets .
manchester city considering bid for arsenal midfielder jack wilshere .     jordan henderson is also an option for the premier league champions .     wilshere , 23 , encapsulates arsene wenger 's style of play in north london .     but the england international is not necessarily a first-team regular .     any bids in excess of # 30m should be considered by arsenal .
sharon winters , 39 , from wirral , met chef kevin hawke online in july , 2014 .     he stabbed her in a frenzied attack barely two weeks after they met .     her brother stephen robinson warns women about online dating dangers .
lily james , the british star of the upcoming cinderella film , has traveled the world promoting the disney fairy tale .     downton abbey star 's 20 stunning outfits included # 70,000 silk gown by christian dior and even a # 40,000 necklace .     attended premieres in mexico , canada , london and tokyo - where she revealed her most ` disney princess ' look .
55 dead greyhound carcasses found dumped in coonar , queensland .     a joint rspca and queensland police task force is investigating .     early investigations suggest the dogs were young dogs that were killed as they were too slow .     they were found in various states of decomposition in an area with no other training facilities or connections to the industry .     rspca spokesperson says they believe they may be young dogs that were n't fast enough .
christopher bridger , 25 , attacked three women after drinking sessions .     he was convicted of rape and four other abuse charges at court last year .     ambulance worker told women he was gay before assaulting them in bed .     hcpc conduct and competence committee removed him from register .     panel described crimes against three women as ' a serious breach of trust '
add natural sun-kissed highlights to your hair with the help of lemon juice .     aloe vera can be frozen into ice cubes for extra sunburn relief .     place your iphone in a resealable bag for the ultimate waterproofing trick .
newcastle face swansea at st james ' park on saturday afternoon .     fans group ashleyout.com have asked supporters to stand in 34th minute .     ` having a threadbare squad ... yet having # 34m in the bank not acceptable '     there will also be peaceful protests outside sports direct stores at 12.30 .
samantha rawcliffe , lost control of her body and crashed her car last may .     days later she lost control of her bladder and was shaking uncontrollably .     in september doctors diagnosed her with functional neurological disorder .     she is incontinent and confined to her house unable to walk or drive .
jeremy clarkson last night launched into a bizarre rant about being sacked .     he claimed the upside was that he could now swear without punishment .     clarkson also mistook a male bidder for a female during charity gig .     he later joked to the cotswolds crowd that he was ` trawling the job centre '
former hewlett-packard ceo reportedly will enter presidential race may 4 .     her spokeswoman , though , says it 's an unconfirmed rumor .     fiorina would join three senators in the republican nomination fight and balance democratic front-runner hillary clinton .     fiorina says she can take clinton 's edge as a woman off the table .
cape verde seeking to tap-into rich cultural heritage .     tiny island nation wants to grow creative economy .
jade wimsey frittered away thousands on up to seven caffeine kicks a day .     the 24-year-old ballooned to nearly 18 stone and suffered from cruel jibes .     jade , from east yorkshire , is now a size 12 after crushing her addiction .
25-1 shot many clouds wins grand national .     second win a row for jockey leighton aspell .     first jockey to win two in a row on different horses since 1950s .
george ford scythed through the leinster defence for sublime try in the first half .     five penalties from ian madigan gave leinster a 15-5 half-time lead .     stuart hooper crashed over for bath 's second try following another dazzling ford break .     madigan 's sixth penalty proved crucial as leinster held on for a hard-fought victory .
' i have a video of you walking away from your car on numerous occasions , you are not handicapped ! , ' reads a note to natasha hope-simpson .     hope-simpson became disabled after her leg was crushed in a tragic hit-and-run accident in 2013 and she lost a part of her left leg below the knee .     instead of being upset by the note , hope-simpson says she is flattered because someone could n't tell she was handicapped .
marco negri joined rangers for # 3.5 million from perugia in 1997 .     striker suffered a shinbone injury in a reserve match vs aberdeen in 2000 .     hospital scans showed properties of his blood had symptoms of aids .     further scans in italy proved negri 's blood to be absolutely fine .
fashion retailers have started to produce their own make-up ranges .     you no longer have to head across town to a chemist or department store .     but are any of these high street ranges worth splashing your cash on ?
vonda thedford , 55 , said she was driving along a pittsburg county rural road earlier this month when she spotted the mysterious carcass .     when she stopped to look at the dead creature , she was disturbed to see it had ' a little truck ' in place of a nose , ` little toes ' and ` hair on its tail '     the restaurant worker says the images have left people baffled and no-one has been able to identify the bloated and hairless critter .     however , wildlife experts who studied the animal 's skeleton told fox news it appears to be that of a young dog .
oskar gröning is on trial over his alleged role in deaths at auschwitz .     lawrence douglas : other mass atrocities still await moment of moral reckoning .
coronation street execs have ditched a ban on talent doing voiceover work .     former star katy cavanagh had been ticked off for doing bbc iplayer ad .     show 's other actors staged a ` mutiny ' , forcing ban to be overturned .     other actors who 've cashed in include benedict cumberbatch -lrb- pedigree -rrb- , olivia colman -lrb- andrex -rrb- , shane richie -lrb- plenty kitchen roll -rrb- .
sarah jewell , 25 , went to local social security office to prove she 's alive .     she learned someone had filed her number as deceased in november 2014 .     jewell said the office implied ` everything 's taken care of ' and she was fine .     but after three months her number has n't been reinstated , she has n't received her tax refund , and her driver 's license also lists her as deceased .     and now she 's in jeopardy of losing her job as a licensed pharmacist .
an ebay listing posted friday showed a laminated badge featuring a photo of hernandez and identifying information including height and weight .     the listing claiming id was from soffolk county jail was deleted saturday .     no bids had been put on the listing , which had a starting price of $ 500 .     hernandez is currently in prison during his trial for the the june 2013 shooting death of odin lloyd .
baltimore mayor says she wants to `` clarify '' use of the term .     some community leaders in the city call the term equivalent to the n-word .     others disagree and do n't want the debate overshadowing the issues .
sarah harper was dating christopher lane , 22 , when he was gunned down .     chancey allen luna has been accused of killing sportsman in august 2013 .     he was visiting harper in the city of duncan when he was slain .     the melbourne , australia , native was on a baseball scholarship at the time .     prosecutors also said 104 bullets were discovered in the drive-by car .
boy george posted video of robbie keane singing on facebook .     la galaxy 's keane was belting out his version of karma chameleon .     while enthusiastic he does n't appear to know the words to the song .
five-month-old elijah mccrae 's parents made a bucket list for their son .     baby elijah tragically died with only one item ticked off on the list .     his parents , jessica andrew , wanted to show their son the world .     little elijah had the fatal genetic disease type 1 spinal muscular atrophy .     the list included a trip to queensland , a ferry ride and watching the sunset .
kim bok-dong is determined to share her story of sexual slavery until she 's no longer physically able .     kim was held prisoner by the japanese military in a `` comfort station '' for five years , raped ceaselessly .     she says she wo n't rest until she receives a formal apology from the japanese government .
east asia sees soaring rates of myopia , with 80-90 % of young adult population affected .     evidence that myopia rates are increasing in europe and the u.s.     scientists advice for kids : go outside and play .
the 37-year-old welcomed her first daughter cecilia kathryn into the world on february 9 .     maggie and her husband alex mehran are also parents to two sons , three-year-old zander and two-year-old quinnlann clancy .     the parents are enjoying a beach vacation with their three children .
atletico madrid 0-0 real madrid : read martin samuel 's report from spain .     mario mandzukic was battered and bruised during the quarter-final tie .     the atletico striker came to blows with sergio ramos and dani carvajal .     atletico have a history of buying great strikers after selling their forwards .     diego simeone has bought the closest thing to diego costa he could find .     mandzukic differs from costa in style of play but proved as aggressive .     he and antoine griezmann can become suitable replacements at atletico .
trip will come before pope francis arrives in united states .     francis played key role in re-establishing diplomatic ties between cuba and u.s.
woman performed stunt at a birthday party in sichuan province .     she initially holds two people with her legs and twirls them .     she then lifts four people who cling onto the wooden plank .
classic fm dj and former itn presenter 's wife bonnie died on april 15 .     suchet , 71 , described bonnie said marriage was ` made in heaven '     he had been open about her dementia diagnosis and wrote a book about it .
american expat brad reynolds wrote his first review in 2010 while visiting saint petersburg , russia .     the 38-year-old teacher critiques every hotel , restaurant and landmark he visits on holiday .     brad 's 66,000 contributions to the travel website include nearly 40,000 photos of the places he has visited .     the teacher has posted reviews from nearly 400 cities and almost 50 countries .     now living in hong kong , his travel tips have been read by millions of people around the world .
louis jordan says his sailboat capsized three times .     he survived by collecting rainwater and eating raw fish .     frank jordan told cnn his son is n't an experienced sailor but has a strong will .
katie and dalton met as patients dealing with cystic fibrosis .     two years later , they were married .     dalton received a lung transplant , but katie is still waiting .
julie mckenzie , 53 , from bushy , herts , had a nagging back pain .     her gp assured her it as down to a mild curvature of the spine .     but she 'd always been strong and active until the pain began in 2013 .     she used her private medical cover to see a spinal surgeon , robert lee .     mri scan revealed her coccyx contained a tumour .
manchester united beat their rivals city 4-2 at old trafford on sunday .     gary neville was co-commentator with martin tyler for the derby .     ` smalling has scored . it 's a mauling for city , ' said neville at one point .     the former united defender 's commentary was fit for the occasion .
tiger woods has made his first public appearance for 60 days .     he had been on hiatus to recover from injury and a dip in form .     woods warmed up at the augusta course ahead of the 2015 masters .     the 39-year-old was given a warm welcome back by the crowd .
five bed apartment in hollywood siren 's former building in knightsbridge available to rent for # 10,500 per week .     spacious luxury flat features five bathrooms , two large reception rooms , a study and a modern kitchen .     gardner moved to london in 1968 and made number 34 ennismore gardens her primary residency until her death .     she once described the home as her ` little london retreat ' and spoke of her love of its history and grandeur .
haroon moghul : tsarnaev found guilty in terrorist bombing of boston marathon . how to prevent future such acts by young muslims ?     pew reports by 2050 , one in 4 will be muslim . many equate terror with islam . not true , but we should grasp what causes radicalization .     moghul : muslims see their community besieged around world , some think solution is violence . they must be shown other way to help .
kroeger , 57 , was a cast member on snl from 1982 to 1985 .     he moved back to his home state of iowa 12 years ago to raise his two sons and is now an advertising executive .     freshman republican rod blum is currently representing the 1st district .     kroeger will be running as a democrat and already has two opponents for the primary .
briony ingerson posted a photo of herself and a friend in ` blackface '     the fox sports australia freelance presenter proceeded to defend her actions on twitter , writing ` it was an african costume party #notracistatall '     fox sports australia say they are satisfied ingerson is upset , apologetic and understands her actions were offensive .     issue was flagged by a journalism student who worked alongside ingerson .
a dispute broke out between lewis hamilton and nico rosberg on sunday .     hamilton finished ahead of his team-mate to win the chinese grand prix .     the british driver said that he is a ` racer ' and rosberg is not .     both mercedes drivers are en route to sunday 's bahrain grand prix .
beth hall , 24 , from cambridge , plummeted to a tiny 4st 13lb at her worst .     had begun the strict starvation regime at 16 after being bullied at school .     says she survived off tea and coffee and would go days without eating .     only when she was warned she was killing herself did she seek help .
mclaren driver jenson button ran the london marathon 2015 .     he finished with a time of 2 hours 52 minutes and 30 seconds .     button praised the ` amazing atmosphere ' and collective spirit of the runners at the event .
ten pieces collection was presented at the beachside pool during final day of mbfwa .     guests sat in and around the pool to take in the capsule collection of monochrome unisex pieces .     label is owned by icebergs restaurateur maurice terzini and partner lucy hinckfuss .
stand-up routine on the tonight show on thursday branded ' a bomb '     singer said she was a ` closet comedian ' always wanted to do stand-up .     her jokes were about dating younger men and her art collection .     ' i crack myself up , ' she said at one point .
neighbors blocked lucas ' plans to build a film studio in 2012 .     now he plans to erect a housing complex on land off lucas valley road .     the community would provide housing to 224 low-income families .     with huge support from low-income community , his neighbors will be hard-pressed to block the proposal .
couple from lincolnshire won the eight-figure sum on tuesday .     they become the tenth biggest british winners in lottery history .     the husband said he thought the win was an april fools ' day trick .     comes the day after a couple living nearby won for the second time .
aboriginal teenager arrested says police assaulted him while handcuffed .     ` kicked me across the face as my hands were cuffed , ' eathan cruse says .     19-year-old was one of five arrested in melbourne anti-terror operation .     his father says he was also the victim of police brutality during raid .     sevdet besim , 18 , charged with conspiracy to commit an act of terrorism .
curtly ambrose 's pep talk to west indies ' bowlers on day two worked .     chris jordan had a battle with former barbados team-mate jason holder .     sir viv richards said jordan ` looks as though he should have a javelin '     shiv chanderpaul 's test career for west indies passed 21 years .     charlotte edwards received her cbe from the queen .
shell casings , glass and blood stains litter dorm at garissa university college .     at least 147 died in thursday attack at the kenyan college .
daisy fell 10ft from quay into sea during holiday in caernarfon , north wales .     westie was rescued by passing fisherman after disappearing below waves .     owners dave rickard and his wife brenda gave lifeless pet the kiss of life .     mr rickard , 72 , said he acted ` instinctively ' to save their beloved pet .
alexsandro palombo has created #briefmessage social campaign .     italian artist asked women to write a message about violence on their pants .     he says the response has been ` immediate and powerful '
justin rose finished joint runner-up at the masters 2015 on 14-under-par .     rose 's final total has only been bettered six times at the the masters .     rose hopes to build on his display and take some big titles across the year .     click here for all the latest news and reaction following the masters .
ed miliband accused of ` hypocrisy ' after 68 mps used zero-hour contracts .     100 workers and employers from ` all walks of life ' signed letter backing ed .     but signatories included affluent students and union and party activists .     john-jo pierce and rory somerville both pictured in black tie with cigars .     wayne hemingway , red or dead co-founder , has used zero-hour contracts .     a picture caption in an earlier version of this article wrongly stated that rory somerville is 31 years old . we are happy to clarify that mr somerville is 21 and was aged 19 in the photo . the caption also wrongly attributed comments said by deirdre pierce about her son , john-jo , to mr somerville 's mother .
saba and sheikh amari run luxury car dealership in preston .     the couple sell sought-after new and classic cars to the rich and famous .     saba she uses her feminine wiles to get clients to part with their cash .     salesman tom hartley and son carl sell # 4million worth of cars each week .
pop star taylor swift revealed thursday that her mom has cancer .     the nature and severity of andrea swift 's cancer have not been divulged .
liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet was dropped in december .     but the belgian quickly made his return after brad jones was injured .     mignolet has been in impressive form since his return for the reds .     read : liverpool want fiorentina goalkeeper neto ... but face competition from psg , according to the brazilian 's agent .     click here for the latest liverpool news .
monarch ranked 302 on sunday times rich list - slipping from 285 in 2014 .     ukrainain oligarch len blavatnik tops the roll with a # 13.17 billion fortune .     the wealthiest 1,000 individuals have a combined wealth of almost # 550bn .     high-rollers include jk rowling worth # 570m and billionaire lord sugar .
a boston-area dog ate three of her owner 's wristwatches .     a veterinarian removed about 1 lb . of watch parts from her stomach .     mocha the doberman is now doing well .
celtic extend their lead at the top of the scottish premiership table .     james forrest scored the opener for the visitors before stefan johansen made sure of three points from the penalty spot .     st mirren remain bottom of the league table with 21 points .
suzy lamplugh trust said slogans make the crime seem ` humorous '     charity warns joking about stalking can prevent victims coming forward .     t-shirts joking about stalking are sold online in various us and uk stores .     one in six women will be stalked at some point in their life .
janet street-porter joked about snp leader nicola sturgeon on twitter .     the journalist was called ugly , vile and ` someone who deserves to die '     says worrying questions remain about some of the snp leader 's followers .
bristol rovers were relegated from the football league last season .     there were tears on the final day after they lost their place in league two .     12 months later , rovers are on the brink of returning to the league .     they sit second going into the final weekend , behind barnet .
singer was partying with pals at coachella music and arts festival over the weekend .     video posted on instagram appears to show the singer preparing a suspicious substance and then holding her nose .     speculation has been rife as to what exactly is going on in the video .     a comment on instagram , believed to be from rihanna , claims it was a joint .     this is not the first time rihanna has found herself mired in controversy at coachella .     in 2012 she posted a picture of herself ` cutting up ' a white powered substance on the top of a man 's head .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday .     pep guardiola 's team have now scored 115 goals this season .     robert lewandowski scored twice and is their top marksman .     hamburg are bayern 's favourite opposition with 11 strikes against them .
wenger and mourinho faced off once more as arsenal and chelsea contested a 0-0 draw .     neither boss was in a combative mood before the game despite some fiery match-ups between the pair in the past .     arsenal manager yet to record a win against the portuguese in 13 meetings .     the point is another significant step for chelsea in their inevitable march toward the title .     mourinho hits out at ` boring ' criticism as he claims 11-year title wait for arsenal is the real tragedy .
gloria borger : hillary clinton 's team is doing all it can to make her appear relatable to ordinary people .     she asks if the most famous woman in the world can really connect with ordinary voters ?
conor mcgregor recently commented saying he 'd ` kill ' floyd mayweather .     the boxer dismissed the irishman saying he only wants the limelight .     mayweather fights manny pacquiao at the mgm las vegas on may 2 .     mcgregor has a shot at the featherweight world title against jose aldo .     read : mayweather vs pacquiao contract still not signed , says bob arum .
london estate agents invited to value a house rigged with special effects .     the viral video was created to promote sky living 's new three-part drama .     the enfield haunting looks at supposed genuine haunting in late seventies .
shipping company representative denies cargo ship caused the capsizing .     unhcr spokeswoman tells cnn that a cargo ship may have touched the migrant boat .     italian authorities have arrested two survivors on suspicion of human trafficking .
charlie stayt made the error during live broadcast from southampton .     bbc presenter left out the letter ` c ' when he wrote word for third time .     many viewers took to twitter to complain about stayt 's mistake .
stone 's biggest priority is to nourish his children with healthy food .     he and wife lindsay have two boys , hudson , 3 , and emerson , 7 months .     ` i do n't want him to have the nitrates and c *** that 's in a hot dog , ' he says .     he wants parents to expose their children to a range of healthy food .     stone is in australia to promote his cookbook , good food , good life .     photos of stone cooking and gardening with his wife feature in the book .
an australian woman finds a ring while snorkeling in bali .     words engraved on the antique ring give clues to its owner 's identity .
labour leader accused of ` offensive ' behaviour during visit to sikh temple .     worshippers were banned from using cameras and phones to take pictures .     ed miliband 's team also banned national media journalists from the event .     community leader said the rules went against the ` ethos ' of their faith .
gary goldsmith posted picture of alleged culprit to his twitter account .     accompanying message included the words : ` evil s *** ... coming to get ya '     mr goldsmith was walking in regents park when the incident happened .     flamboyant millionaire businessman is carole middleton 's younger brother .
concept artist alex brady from cambridge has created beautiful pictures of what space travel might look like .     he imagines a space station of tomorrow similar to las vegas , with neon lights and plenty of attractions .     he said his designs are intended to be a bit more ` preposterous and cheerful ' than others .     and he also explores what the space planes that take humans to orbit in future might look like .
northern territory 's chief minister adam giles issued harsh warning .     minister for children and families john elferink also made the threat .     they say children who throw rocks at police will be taken into care .     ` parents should not doubt our resolve to do this , ' mr giles said .     nt police have seen a recent rise in youth crime in alice springs .     on monday 50 young people threw ` large rocks ' at police .     by wednesday night , however , there was no rock throwing reported .     police explained to daily mail australia it was not a ` regular occurrence '     no police officers have been harmed during the rock throwing .
constable neale mcshane has spent 10 years patrolling birdsville in qld .     the 59-year-old is one of the most remotely stationed officers in australia .     his jurisdiction , which contains the simpson desert , is the size of the uk .     temperatures in the remote region can reach upwards of 50 degrees .     mcshane will retire later this year and police are looking for a replacement .
`` we 're all equal , and we all deserve the same fair trial , '' says one juror .     the months-long murder trial of aaron hernandez brought jurors together .     foreperson : `` it 's been an incredibly emotional toll on all of us ''
the plate - h982 fkl - was on clarkson 's porsche during christmas special .     local veterans considered it a reference to the bloody 1982 falklands war .     angry villagers attacked top gear convoy and the team fled the country .     judge ruled the number plate was deliberate reference despite bbc denial .
fbi accused in new book - by leading king historian stuart wexler - of misleading congress by destroying files on civil rights leader 's murder .     he tells daily mail online agency disobeyed direct order to preserve all materials and believes it was to protect informer from being identified .     tommy tarrants , high-ranking kkk member went from being little-known racist to having his picture shown to witnesses .     files from two field offices which had information on tarrants were destroyed in 1977 after congress launched assassinations committee .     wexler believes it is because they could have exposed laude matthews , head of mississippi kkk , as an fbi asset under deep cover .
issa hayatou , president of african football , said they will support sepp blatter in his bid to for fifth term as fifa president .     all 54 african fifa members have agreed to back blatter in the election .     luis figo , prince ali bin al-hussein and michael van pragg have chosen to stand against the 79-year-old and become the new president .
arsenal host liverpool in explosive return from international football .     manchester united feature at saturday 3pm when they take on aston villa .     league leaders chelsea welcome stoke city in saturday evening kick off .     barclays premier league champions manchester city travel to crystal palace for monday night football .     sunderland and newcastle united clash in wear-tyne derby on sunday .
parents of nine children involved in plots to travel to syria are affected .     they include three terror suspects who have all previously been named .     critics argue parents should be named because they could be extremists .
leah williamson reveals she could n't sleep ahead of crucial penalty retake as england earn 2-2 against norway .     mo marley 's side qualify for european championships in israel .     uefa ordered the final 18 seconds of the qualifier to be replayed after a refereeing mistake .     referee marija kurtes incorrectly awarded an indirect free-kick to norway for encroachment after disallowing england 's penalty on saturday .     england were 2-1 down to norway at the time in the 96th minute .     german kurtes , 28 , has been sent home following her error .     it is the first time ever that a decision like this has been taken by uefa .     watch video below of the controversial penalty incident .     read : graham poll 's expert verdict on uefa 's bizarre decision .
dr. ayse giray first sued hamdi ulukaya in 2012 on claims her family lent him $ 500,000 that helped him build the yogurt empire .
unite boss len mccluskey told members that unions created labour .     he urged members to ` take back our country ' and ` bring back decency '     last week his union pumped a further # 1 million into the labour party .     more than half of labour candidates in winnable seats are backed by unite .
the 79th masters tournament begins on thursday at augusta national .     tiger woods and rory mcilroy are among the leading contenders .     it has seen many shots which have gone down in golfing legend .     seve ballesteros , phil mickelson and nick faldo all made history .
an echidna is filmed swimming in turquoise waters at victoria 's rye beach .     the land-based mammal looks to be using its ant-eating snout as a snorkel .     echidnas are proficient swimmers , believed to have evolved from aquatic ancestors like the platypus .
prime minister makes culinary blunder as he tries to woo devon voters .     chatting in a barnstaple cafe , he tried to guess jam or cream first .     cornish use jam with cream on top , but people in devon do it in reverse .
caroline irby , 64 , was charged with 10 counts of animal cruelty monday .     almost 100 dogs were found locked up inside a windowless barn on her property in manchester , tennessee , without food or water .     they were emaciated and ` living in several inches of their own waste '     10 other dogs were found dead stacked in a wheelbarrow .     rescue workers moved them to a shelter in lebanon , tennessee .
ding jinhui potted 12 reds and 12 blacks to rack up 96 points in break .     but chinese star screwed back for the blue instead of the black .     world no 3 ding realised what he had done and held his head in his hands .     he then started to giggle along with his first-round opponent mark davis .     ding would have pocketed # 30,000 for maximum 147 break at the crucible .     world snooker championships taking place in sheffield .
weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , is seeking to find a resolution to the allegations as soon as possible , according to one of the sources .     on friday it emerged a sting set up by the nypd shows weinstein did n't deny touching italian model ambra battilana - and apologized to her .     she alleges he asked her for a kiss and then groped her during a ` business meeting ' at his manhattan office on friday night .     a source claimed during the recorded conversation set up under the watch of the nypd , he did not deny touching her .     the hollywood producer has denied the allegations and has spoken to police , who have not filed charges .     but a spokesman for chapman denied the marriage was in trouble and said they had spent the weekend together .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in their champions league tie on tuesday .     result saw bayern win quarter-final encounter 7-4 on aggregate .     it was the first-time porto had reached that stage since the 2008-09 season .
paul ceglia on the run from criminal charges he falsely claimed ownership .     his family accused facebook and prosecutors of conspiring against him .     judge said mark zuckerberg has two days to hand over all relevant emails .     the order ignores zuckerberg 's request to wait until ceglia is found .
researchers at the lawrence berkeley national laboratory used real skin samples to study microscopic changes that resist tears when pulled apart .     they found collagen fibres in dermis change structure when under strain .     the fibres go from being a disorganised tangle to straighten and stretch .     scientists hope their findings can help develop new tear-resistant materials .
roots of the banyan tree in southern china originally grew against a wall .     when moved to its new home , the entangled roots became the trunk .     the structure is so lightweight that the entire tree sways in the breeze .
nashville 's district attorney banned prosecutors from offering female sterilization in plea deals .     danny cevallos : present-day sterilization plea deals are voluntary and unlike creepy antiquated practices .
a woman found a ball deliberately covered in sharp pins at a nearby park .     she thinks the balls were made to harm animals or children in the area .     tegan peters used social media to warn her auckland neighbours .     ` it is something i would want to be aware of so i posted it on my page '     the discovery was made in a popular dog walking park , near schools .
age-old game of cat and mouse is brought to life in these quirky pictures taken in shepton mallet in somerset .     the pair are seen battling it out on the roof of a shed in a real life take on an episode of tom and jerry .     ironically , the cat 's name is mouse . the pictures show the dangers small rodents have to be aware of in the area .
michael bisping targets impressive win when he returns to the octagon .     bisping will look to get back into the title hunt with a win over cb dolloway .     the 36-year-old brit last fought in the uk almost five years ago .
the shariya refugee camp opened around six months ago , made up of 4,000 tents and counting .     the vast majority of the camp 's occupants are from the town of sinjar and fled an isis assault .     but ahlam , her children and their grandparents were taken captive .
pre-colonial brazilians thought twins were a product of adultery .     greek mythology believed twins were the product of intercourse with gods .     many of us remain baffled by the uncanny bond identical twins share .
guests attending battle of waterloo anniversary service told not to gloat .     invitations to the event said it must not be seen as ` triumphalist '     the move was criticised by politicians as ` absurd ' political correctness .
ugaaso abukar boocow has amassed more than 68,000 followers .     her photos reveal a side of somalia that most people have never seen .     she moved to canada with her grandmother to escape the civil war .     the 27-year-old moved back to mogadishu last year to be with her mum .
kefalonia is stunning and does n't play the captain corelli 's mandolin card .     island has n't been tainted by the crowds its greek counterparts get .     it 's a quarter of the size of spain 's majorca but with a 20th of the tourists .     the one must-do outing in kefalonia is to fiskardo , a lovely harbour .
raheem sterling has rejected a new contract worth # 100,000-a-week .     liverpool boss brendan rodgers says sterling wo n't be sold this summer .     his achievements at 20 are not on the same level as some anfield greats .     steven gerrard won three trophies in the first year out of his teens .     michael owen had scored more than 50 career goals for liverpool .     sterling has a long way to go if he is to fulfil his huge potential .
kevin coulton , 16 , from manchester stuck his mouth in the rim of a glass .     the schoolboy wanted to achieve a fuller pout like celebrity kylie jenner .     but , like scores before him , he was left with painful bruising around lips .     now he is warning peers not to take part in craze sweeping social media .
bournemouth are now second in the championship following their draw .     kieran lee fires wednesday into the lead with a 36th minute header .     yann kermorgant equalised with 21 minutes remaining .     matt ritchie looked to have sealed the win for the cherries late on .     but chris maguire had the final say with his last-ditch penalty strike .
sienna miller , 33 , is ` not a gym person ' but loves yoga .     mother-of-one works with a personal trainer , power-walking and jogging .     try hip rolls , a pilates move that targets the ` oblique ' abdominal muscles .
rogue one will be a prequel to the original trilogy .     sneak preview was revealed just days after star wars vii trailer .     first ` anthology film ' will be about rebels on a rogue mission to steal plans to the death star .     felicity jones will star as a rebel soldier .
jessica bialek found ` safe and well ' after vanishing 36 hours earlier .     ms bialek was last seen leaving her home at 8.30 am on wednesday .     she was walking to the bank in coogee , south-eastern sydney .     police are concerned for her welfare and have launched an investigation .     ms bialek 's husband has pleaded for help in finding his wife .     on thursday her father made a plea for her to contact family .     the mother-of-one is an accomplished arts photographer .
christian englander , 30 , threw a banana peel at chappelle , 41 , during show at lensic theater in santa fe on monday .     on thursday , he threw another peel at a man upset by first attack .     claims it was a ` joke ' because ` the irony was too much to pass up '     insists the attack on chappelle was not racially motivated .     he had eaten the fruit before the show , washed it down with a shot of 99 bananas liquor , left the peel in his pocket .
the giant mansion used to film the hit show empire is on the market for $ 13 million following a price drop .     the 20,000 square feet french country-style estate took five years to build .     the five bedroom , nine bathroom house features waterfront views , custom woodwork and lots of space for entertaining .     fit for a mogul , the house is owned by strip club owner sam cecola .
alastair cook and jonathan trott put on an opening partnership of 125 .     cook scored an encouraging 76 before playing a wide ball onto his stumps .     the england captain made the bowlers come to him and looked solid .     trott was first out for 59 but appeared increasingly comfortable .
generations of everest climbers have left tons of trash .     the indian army plans to remove at least 4,000 kilograms from the peak .
14-month-old princess leonore was taken to meet the pope at the vatican .     looked out of sorts and played with her mother madeleine 's pearls .     madeleine 's british husband christopher o'neill , 40 , was also there .
newcastle goalkeeper tim krul was seen laughing at half time .     jermain defoe had scored a stunning goal past him moments earlier .     sportsmail 's jamie carragher criticised krul for being too friendly .     but the keeper was simply showing respect to an opponent .
for a limited time starbucks will be introducing the s'more frappuccino which is scheduled to hit stored on tuesday , april 28 .     the drink will be made with a combination of marshmallow whipped cream , milk chocolate sauce , graham crackers , coffee , milk and ice .     starbucks says that the drink is inspired by the ` the nostalgic summer experience of roasting s'mores '
luke shambrook was last seen leaving candlebark campground on friday .     the 11-year old was camping in the victorian national park with his family .     he has been missing for two nights and temperatures dipped to as low as eight degrees celsius on saturday night .     there has been an unconfirmed sighting of luke with police acting quickly .     the 11-year-old was reportedly seen walking 4 kms from his campsite .     luke has limited speech and his family says he is probably confused .     a large search is being carried by a medley of search and rescue teams .     police also said conditions are favourable for his survival overnight .     they have issued an extensive description of luke and his clothing .
roman abramovich has never spoken in public since buying chelsea .     but marina granovskaia , chelsea director , is set to speak next month .     she is among speakers at a conference to be held at stamford bridge .     greg dyke finally handed back the # 16,400 watch given to him by fifa .     graeme swann has asked twitter followers to help find his jaguar car .     channel 4 have been let off by sponsors 32red after an ad-break gaffe .     c4 special , my big fat gypsy grand national , included an aintree hen party .     sepp blatter 's rivals ' fifa bids look doomed after africa pledge .
interior designer abigail ahern has written new style bible about colour .     says her own colourful home gives her a ` squishy feeling of contentment '     being bold with colour is easier than you think , according to expert .
buyers expert on ` the block ' gives his tips on kitchen design .     frank valentic takes into account what buyers look for in a kitchen .     bench and storage space , splashbacks and lighting are key factors .     along with ventilation and flow on and activity-based designs .
university of connecticut study reveals how we can measure distances .     they said that listening to echoes tells us how far something it .     when a sound is close the differences in max and min volume are obvious .     but when it is distant , our neurons fire less , and we know it is further away .
john lewis has slashed the prices on almost 200 christmas products .     with just days until easter its part of a bid to sell leftover festive goods .     it comes after spending millions on touching christmas ad campaign .
sheriff thomas hodgson who had aaron hernandez in custody for 18 months is opening up about the football star .     he claims hernandez is a master manipulator who would charm prison guards and be polite to get what he wants .     hodgson added that he thinks hernandez will be fine behind bars given his demeanor and attitude .     hernandez was convicted april 15 of the 2013 killing of odin lloyd and received a life sentence .
snl castmember skewers hillary clinton , obama and republican hopefuls .     twenty-minute speech poked fun at buzzfeed , brian williams scandal .     jokes touched on police brutality and secret service security lapses .
heather mack ,19 , tells bali court she did not kill sheila von wiese-mack .     on trial for mother 's murder with 21-year-old boyfriend tommy schaefer .     mack gave birth to baby stella schaefer last month in prison hospital .     couple facing a nervous five day wait for judge 's to return their verdict .
football association and premier league fall out over clash .     bbc and sky viewing figures both suffered with games on at same time .     luke shaw might have been helped by louis van gaal 's fast-food rules .     joe root 's celebrations come in for criticism , while alastair cook is still worrying about kevin pietersen 's media coverage .
andre schurrle scored his first goal for wolfsburg on saturday .     the former chelsea forward admitted it was ` eating away ' at him .     schurrle joined german club wolfsburg from chelsea in february .
sadie the german shepherd was filmed at home in alberta , canada , switching on an electric keyboard with her nose and sitting down to play .     instead of classical music , the pooch appears to recite a minimalist piece with clashing notes and no time signature .     after a 20-second rendition , she decides she 's had enough for one day and turns around to take a bow .
parents phillip and gaby beckle-raymond discovered a leak in roof .     hired builder to fix problem at their three bed london home .     he took roof off and then disappeared with # 10k of their money .     sub contractor botched efforts to give them loft conversion .     he charged # 7,000 for parts and labour but left them with unsafe building .     family had to live in one room for six months as home had no roof .     rain water got in causing ceilings to collapse .     britain 's horror homes is on channel 5 tuesdays at 8pm .
goa is india 's smallest state but one of its most popular travel destinations .     it offers bargain beach breaks -lrb- and luxury too -rrb- in the west of the country .     weak rouble means there are currently fewer russian visitors than usual .
real madrid and atletico madrid meet for the fifth and sixth time in europe .     that brings them level with inter and ac milan in number of city duels .     there will have been eight madrid derbies by the end of this season .     no city showdown has been played more time in recent years .     see where cristiano ronaldo and gareth bale unwind after madrid training .
ufc woman 's bantamweight champion visited manny pacquiao 's camp .     rousey is backing pacquiao in his megafight against floyd mayweather .     pacman thanked rousey for her support in a twitter picture together .     read : mayweather vs pacquiao referee to earn $ 10,000 -lrb- # 6,800 -rrb- on may 2 .     watch : pacquiao releases music video ahead of mayweather bout .
vidarbha , the eastern region of the state of maharashtra , is known as the epicenter of the suicide crisis .     farmers are becoming burdened with debt due to falling prices but rising costs .
president obama abruptly left the white house after reporters were sent home for the day sunday evening .     press pool reporters were perplexed as they questioned whether something serious had happened .     the president , michelle and their girls hiked through great falls park in virginia for around 50 minutes until a light rain sent them packing .
an amnesty international report calls for attacks on women 's rights activists in afghanistan to be investigated .     the report examines the persecution of activists not only by the taliban and tribal warlords , but also by government officials .     some activists continue their work despite their lives being at risk .
protesters mounted admiralty arch , which joins trafalgar square with mall .     the gatehouse , built as a memorial to queen victoria , was sold in 2012 .     it is now set to be turned into a luxury hotel after by spanish developer .     anti fascist group ` autonomous nation of anarchist libertarians '
paige vanzant takes on felice herrig in new jersey on saturday .     the 21-year-old has only had five fights but is the latest ufc star .     she is one of a select few to have an individual contract with reebok .     vanzant could realistically become the youngest-ever ufc champion .
janek zylinski , the aristocratic son of polish war hero , slams mr farage .     claimed he 'd ` had enough ' of ukip leader 's constant attacks on migrants .     he said they should ` meet with our swords and resolve this matter '     mr farage was forced to defend his migrant stance on a factory tour today .     insisted he would not expel eu migrants after meeting a hungarian worker .
wembley loss means steven gerrard 's liverpool career ends in anti-climax .     he was poor throughout , unable to raise performances of his team-mates .     gerrard will now say his farewells with a series of cameo appearances .     but , three years without a trophy means brendan rodgers is one to blame .
jessa , 22 , and ben 19 , announced the baby is due on november 1 , their wedding anniversary .     the newlyweds said they are talking about baby names now but did not give any hints about the gender .     this is a first child for the couple who star on tlc 's 19 kids & counting .     this will be the duggar family 's sixth grandchild ; jill welcomed her first son earlier this month and son josh is expecting his fourth child .     the couple live in a small house in arkansas owned by jessa 's parents .
phil taylor suffered his fourth loss of the season with thursday 's defeat .     peter wright lost 7-4 to adrian lewis , while kim huybrechts drew 6-6 with stephen bunting on ` judgement night ' in manchester .     results meant wright suffered elimination due to leg difference .     league leader michael van gerwen romped to a 7-4 win over james wade .     raymond van barneveld drew 6-6 with gary anderson in the other clash .
sally kohn : april 14 is equal pay day , and hillary clinton should make an announcement about wage gap .     clinton should say that if elected , she will take a 23 % pay cut to stand in solidarity with working women .
macau in china offers a whirlwind of activities and attractions .     from the 764ft bungee jump to the 26 casinos , thrillseekers will be satisfied .     nearby the sleepy island of coloane is waiting to be discovered .
sean dyche has been tipped to replace steve mcclaren at derby .     burnley boss insists he is enjoying the ` challenge ' at turf moor .     dyche ca n't understand why arsene wenger gets stick from arsenal fans .
synaesthesia is a condition in which separate senses are linked .     scientists determined which colours are usually connected with letters .     they then compared these colour-letter matches to fisher-price magnets .     they claim 6 % of people learnt their matches from the fisher-price toy .
angel rangel could make first swansea city start in over two months .     jefferson montero may be fit enough to make bench for garry monk 's side .     romelu lukaku 's fitness at 50-50 with belgian carrying hamstring problem .     aiden mcgeady is also a major doubt for everton with a back injury .
principal andrew barr was caught viewing porn at work .     a student took a photo of him watching pornography in his office .     an investigation was launched after the photo was shared on snapchat .     the geelong college principal has now resigned .     the college council called his actions ' a breach of our standards '
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league quarter-final .     the germans advanced 7-4 on aggregate after a 3-1 defeat in the first leg .     pep guardiola said he felt in the lead up to match that bayern would win .     the former barcelona boss says winning is a matter of life and death .
u.s. hostage warren weinstein is believed to have been accidentally killed in counter-terrorism strike .     peter bergen : u.s. should rethink hostage policy to increase chances of freeing those held .
yaya toure arrived at manchester city in 2010 from barcelona .     he has led city to two premier league titles , an fa cup and a league cup .     if he departs city in the summer , the club will find it hard to replace him .
u.s. president obama , cuban president raul castro meet in panama city .     the two nations -- only 90 miles apart -- have been at odds for more than 50 years .
michael carrick impressed during england 's draw with italy last week .     but the midfielder has been ordinary in his nine competitive starts .     england won four of those - ecuador , san marino , poland and lithuania .     england bosses consistently preferred steven gerrard or frank lampard .
harry panayiotou selected from 24 teams in division one and two .     20-year-old scored in leicester city wins against sunderland and chelsea .     also netted a hat-trick in his third game for st kitts and nevis .     under 21 premier league player of the month award based on statistics .     sportsmail held an exclusive interview with young striker .
patrons at the masters can get themselves a decent meal for a reasonable price .     lee westwood nearly got off to the perfect start with a stunning shot at the par-five second .     padraig harrington has enjoyed a resurgence of form in recent months and the secret of his success could be down to his unusual practice technique .
nepal is a popular place for israeli couples to have surrogate children .     an estimated 10 to 15 surrogate mothers are due to give birth soon in kathmandu .
footage shows the skater confidently sailing down a concrete slope in santa monica , los angeles , before he loses balance and falls headfirst .     as his friends go to investigate , blood is seen pouring from his face .
microsoft corporate vp of worldwide operations , mary ellen smith , who has a teenage son shawn with autism , made the announcement .     program will be run in partnership with specialisterne , a danish nonprofit that helps train people with autism for careers in it .     full-time positions based at its redmond campus , washington .
gitte denteneer was stunned after getting the bill from rubens in leuven .     the belgian cafe had charged her 50 cents for use of their electricity .     ms denteneer later took to twitter to express her outrage at the charge .     others on twitter shared her anger and called the rubens boss ` mean '
bournemouth are now one point clear of norwich at the top of the table .     birmingham took the lead through clayton donaldson and david cotterill .     steve cook and callum wilson drew bournemouth level before yann kermorgant and charlie daniels sealed the three points .
military has not confirmed if any rescued girls came from 2014 chibok mass abduction .     nigerian troops raided boko haram camps in northeastern nigeria , military says .
social media users flooded the internet with selfies on anzac day .     several images had inappropriate and disrespectful captions .     trend of misspelt hashtags , included #lessweforget #leastweforget .     people pulled faces , stuck their tongues out and posed under #anzacday .     the photographs were taken from instagram and shared on a tumblr page .
for the first time ever , ferguson 's city council will be half black .     the two winning black candidates vowed to bring reform .     the election was a critical test in this beleaguered city .
maksims uvarenko revealed he has not been paid for three months .     the cska sofia goalkeeper asked his parents to send him rent money .     the bulgarian club are struggling with financial problems .
some local businesses in baltimore are banding together to show support for change .     business owners have given workers opportunities to peacefully demonstrate .     several businesses dealing with destruction , looting from monday riot .
evnika saadvakass became a youtube sensation at five-years-old .     eight-year-old 's work rate is relentless in the 40-second long video .     shows no sign of tiring as she unleashes combination punches .
l'hermione is a painstaking replica of an 18th century ship of the same name .     the original fought with american colonists against the british in the revolutionary war .
the hand-drawn flightplan for bombing mission on hiroshima is now for sale .     unseen documents were kept by co-pilot of plane that dropped atom bomb .     captain robert lewis was in the enola gay b29 bomber on august 6 , 1945 .     remarkable drawings put to auction by his son expected to fetch # 300,000 .
australian and philippines governments given notice their nationals will be executed in 72 hours .     they include philippines maid mary jane velos and australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .     australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair .
a person 's brain often reflects their gender . however their hands can also indicate if their brain is more female or male .     why are some skills or characteristics considered male or female-specific ?     documentary examines if gender-specific traits are due to biology -lrb- occuring from birth -rrb- or develop as a result of environment .     the film examines different theories and studies about gender and the brain .     study says fingers can indicate how much testosterone is in a person 's body .     is your brain male or female ? documentary premieres on sbs one on monday at 7.30 pm .
lizzy hawker entered the 2005 ultra-trail du mont-blanc -lrb- utmb -rrb- on a whim .     hawker was the first woman to cross the finish line that year in 24th place .     she 's gone on to become britain 's most distinctive female ` ultra runner '
islamist militant group al-shabaab claims responsibility for the attack .     the explosion happened across the street from a hotel that was attacked two months ago .     mogadishu has been the site of frequent attacks by al-shabaab .
ian wright presented tony mccoy with champion jockey trophy .     mccoy finished third on box office in last-ever race on saturday .     the 40-year-old also finished third on mr mole in penultimate race .     mccoy was reduced to tears as he competed professionally for last time .
the worker was caught on camera by a member of the public .     field owner th clements & son was alerted and the man was sacked .     passer-by who used mobile phone to snap photo branded act ` disgusting '     tesco : vegetables undergo ` extensive assessment ' before hitting shelves .
celebrity doctors are seeing an increase in demand for botox in their jowls .     the nefertiti lift is a cosmetic procedure that defines the jaw line .     ashley pearson takes a look at the latest trend in anti-ageing .
the tony castro design is estimated to cost 40million euros -lrb- # 29m / $ 43m -rrb- to build and more to buy .     the british designer has created the yacht to withstand a circumnavigation around the world .     luxurious touches include a cinema , wine cellar , gym , sauna and beach club as well as the infinity pool .     there is also space for submarines , supercars and jetskis on board .
etiquette expert and author william hanson on what makes a home posh .     cafetiere in the kitchen , and classical books -lrb- not dvds -rrb- in the sitting room .     william reveals the items you should not own ... such as napkin rings .     fun quiz revealed below ... how many points do you score ?
chris evans and jeremy renner get in hot water after a joke made about `` avengers '' character black widow .     renner called scarlett johansson 's character a `` slut '' and evans referred to her as a `` whore ''     the actors issued an apology on thursday .
andrew hennells threatened staff in tesco with a knife of february 13 .     fifteen minutes before the raid he posted details of his plan on facebook .     norfolk crown court judge deems 31-year-old ` high risk ' to the public .
ss sergeant oskar groening , 93 , faces trial for being a guard at auschwitz .     charged with 300,000 counts of accessory to murder in 2 months in 1944 .     groening says he was at the camp but denies killing or torturing jews .     survivors and relatives filed into court today as they waited for trial to start .
locations in ceredigion , powys and pembrokeshire being used for training .     also used to radicalise mulsims , according to counter-terrorism officer .     he said those involved are ` seemingly normal ' but have an ` ulterior motive '
the terrifying video was captured in wangaratta , northeast victoria .     a man sprays insect repellent under the handle door of his holden ute .     he cowers back in fear when the huntsman drops out and onto the road .
bristol city have earned promotion to the championship .     25-year-old aden flint has been crucial to their promotion push .     flint has chipped in with an impressive 11 goals so far this season .     defender scored during city 's jpt victory against walsall in march .     steve cotterill 's side are 10 points clear at the top of league one .
andrew chan is the youngest of four children and the son of chinese immigrants who worked as a supervisor for a catering company .     myuran sukumaran , a university drop-out and the eldest of three , lived with his parents while working in a mail room .     both men revealed that flashy lifestyles attracted them to drug smuggling .     they were arrested in 2005 for organising eight kilos of heroin to be smuggled out of indonesia , and sentenced to death five months later .     in nearly ten years on death row , chan found god and become a christian pastor ; sukumaran became an artist .
rj jackson is one of around 70 sufferers of netherton 's syndrome .     four-year-old 's skin appears red and scaly , and can be itchy and painful .     mother valerie jackson is regularly accused of ` scalding or burning ' him .     says rj faces cruel taunts from bullies - most of whom are ignorant adults .
ap mccoy is set to bring his 25-year career to an end at sandown .     he will be joined by his whole family and thousands of devoted racing fans .     his mum claire admits she will be somewhat relieved when it 's over .     mccoy will be awarded with 20th champions jockey trophy by ian wright .
hull city are keeping tabs on leeds united 's promising young english midfielder alex mowatt .     the 20-year-old has impressed for leeds this season , scoring nine goals .     mowatt was watched by hull scouts in leeds ' 4-3 defeat by wolves on monday .
jamie anderson says cgi characters lack the ` magic ' of the iconic show .     says he is ` very fond of puppets and practical effects ' rather than cg ones .     thunderbirds returns to our screens tonight 50 years since launch of show .     original show aired between 1964 and 1966 and repeated in 1992 and 2002 .
london 2012 gold medallist nicola adams will prolong her career .     adams has said she ` will keep fighting as long as i have motivation '     the 32-year-old underwent surgery on her shoulder earlier this year .     read : natasha jonas retires from boxing despite recent injury recovery .
len barnes , 75 , lost three stone while battling clostridium difficile .     when antibiotics failed to work specialists suggested a faecal transplant .     mr barnes ' daughter debbie stepped in to help , and donated her stools .
leonie granger , 25 , has been jailed for 16 years for luring gambler to death .     convinced mehmet hassan , 56 , she was interested in him at mayfair casino .     went to his flat and let in boyfriend kyrron jackson and nicholas chandler .     they kicked mr hassan to death and stole some of his gambling winnings .     granger convicted of manslaughter and two men found guilty of murder .     judge william kennedy today described the attack as ` pitiless and wicked '
see cheetahs , lions and leopards in africa , siberian tigers in russia , polar bears in svalbard and grizzlies in alaska .     madagascar , borneo , rwanda , sri lanka and brazil feature on the itinerary - which is a dream for wildlife lovers .     during the tour , guests stay in accommodation including tented camps , mountain lodges and beachfront hotels .
the actor says he 's not planning on seeing the buzzed-about documentary .     he called scientology `` brilliant ''     travolta credits the church with helping him deal with his son 's death .
an italian prosecutor announces suspected al qaeda affiliates may have targeted the vatican .     isis produced propaganda videos showing beheadings of egyptian , ethiopian christians .     al-shabaab has singled out non-muslims to kill them , as at a garissa university college .
parents and grandparents flocking to social media site .     almost 60 % of britons aged over 55 now have facebook account .     many have left site while others block posts from family members .
flashing tanned shoulders and pretty decolletage is a red carpet staple .     but it 's not always the easiest look to pull off for those with larger chests .     claire cisotti and her 34g curves have put six strapless dresses to the test .
mexican archaeologist found mercury in chamber of teotihuacan pyramid .     the chamber had been sealed at the end of a tunnel for nearly 1,800 years .     because of the potential supernatural significance of liquid mercury in rituals , archaeologist sergio gomez hopes to find king 's tomb in pyramid .     teotihuacan , or ` abode of the gods ' in the aztec language of nahuatl , was distinct from the mayan civilization .
pellegrini is feeling the heat after man city 's 2-1 defeat to crystal palace .     the result left man city nine points behind chelsea in premier league .     the last four managers to win title have left their posts soon after .     jose mourinho 's first spell at chelsea abruptly ended in 2007 .     carlo ancelotti suffered similar fate year after title success .     roberto mancini was shown door by city 12 months after first league title .     sir alex ferguson retired after winning a 13th premier league at united .     click here for all the latest manchester city news .
ebay retailer said prices for manny pacquiao items have risen 10 times since the fight with floyd mayweather was confirmed in february .     pacquiao-autographed boxing gloves have also risen ` at least 50 per cent '     sales tripled at team pacquiao store , owned by manny , in general santos .     pacquiao and mayweather fight on may 2 in the richest bout in history .
the three-year-old boy picked up gun inside a cleveland , ohio , home .     he then pulled the trigger , shooting and killing braylon robinson .     it is unclear whether victim was related to the youngster who shot him .     baby 's mother could be heard screaming on the back porch on sunday .     police are trying to determine who left weapon within the child 's reach .     force chief said of accidental shooting : ` this is a senseless loss of life '
caykur rizespor lost to fenerbahce in the turkish super lig on saturday .     rizespor midfielder ludovic obraniak was substituted after just 30 minutes .     obraniak was taken to hospital for tests on suspected heart problem .     former lille player was reported to be in a stable condition .
police said a 37-year-old man was in custody tuesday following the deaths of his wife and their two children at their home in suburban detroit .     the victims have been identified as christie fradeneck , her daughter celeste fradeneck and her son timothy fradeneck .     the man was held for questioning and the causes of the deaths have n't been released , a police spokesman has said .     officers discovered the bodies at the home in the eastern suburb after the woman 's sister called police .     police went inside and found the woman and children dead .     the children 's birthdays were less than two weeks away .
main parties ' school spokesmen backed right to opt out of state education .     they were asked if an education secretary could choose private school .     labour 's shadow education secretary said : ` yes . in certain circumstances '     education secretary nicky morgan agreed , as did the lib dem david laws .
celtic beat st mirren 2-0 to move eight points clear at the top of the league .     ronny deila praised his players for their patience in waiting for the win .     although pleased , he said the pitches in scotland are ` terrible '     deila believes it would be better to play on artificial pitches .
ranette afonso , 42 , will marry marko conte , 30 , this october .     accident happened in august 2013 , while ranette was still married .     began texting regularly after swapping insurance and contact details .
a cambridge university professor has written a book about sex statistics .     sex by numbers investigates what the real average penis size is .     tracey cox takes a look at the surprising findings .
ben wedeman joins the calabrese , an italian patrol boat as it traverses the mediterranean looking for migrants .     often the crew have little to report , only coming across fishing boats or other commercial vessels .     the calabrese was involved in a rescue in october 2013 , during which more than 350 people died .
the home also boasts a 1,400 sq ft roof deck and a 360 degree view of white rock lake and the city 's downtown .     architect matt mooney wanted to stay true to the materials and thus left the ceilings exposed to show the containers .     containers were also used to build a stunning two-story glass-paneled tower that mirrors the shape of the pool .     200 people watched as 18-wheelers transported the materials that would become this stunning three-bedroom home .
leigh griffiths is making the right sort of noise with celtic .     as a youngster griffiths had his fair share of controversy .     then celtic manager neil lennon took a gamble signing him last year .     griffiths has been a real success for the bhoys since - most notably scoring 14 goals in his last 17 games .
steven gerrard no longer has chance of ending liverpool career on high .     the liverpool ace was hoping to win fa cup in last appearance for reds .     gerrard will face the likes of hull , qpr and stoke in final six matches .     read : gerrard faces a miserable farewell tour with liverpool trophyless .
the 100th anniversary of the start of the mass killings will be commemorated friday .     turkey and others reject the use of the word `` genocide ''     most estimates of the deaths fall between 600,000 and 1.5 million .
the total eclipse will only last 4 minutes and 43 seconds .     people west of the mississippi river will have the best view .     parts of south america , india , china and russia also will see the eclipse .
omar hussain , from high wycombe , often posts about life in islamic state .     27-year-old moans of one jihadi who left him on his own to defend position .     the next day he went online to say westerners should stop being ` cowards '     some fighters moan like ` menstruating women ' about guns they 're given .
ben affleck admits he asked pbs show `` finding your roots '' to avoid mentioning his slave-owning ancestor .     dean obeidallah says the actor and the show were right to leave the detail out .
almost 2 feet of ash fell in some areas .     authorities evacuate 4,400 people .     the last time calbuco erupted was 1972 .
andy murray is getting married to kim sears in dunblane on saturday .     british no 1 looked a little apprehensive at the wedding rehearsal .     former wimbledon champion is set to jet off after the wedding to take a look at prospective new assistant coach jonas bjorkman .
casey levi filmed the moment he tried to get his son sam to eat a california roll with a $ 10 prize up for grabs .     footage shows the youngster stepping up to the challenge but backing down after a minute 's hesitation and running off ` to be sick '     after sam 's ruled out of the game , his younger sister charlie confidently steps up to the mark .     with $ 10 in her pocket she gives her father a celebratory a high five .
racing grounds bans selfie sticks for may 2nd derby day and all live races .     ban sparked by safety concerns for horses , roughly 160,000 spectators .     museums are banning the technological toys as they become more popular .
if carl froch does n't fight in 2015 i 'm not sure he 'll be back at all .     a blockbuster with james degale is most likely after julio cesar chavez jnr defeat - but anthony dirrell has made contact .     scott quigg-carl frampton summer fight is dead in the water .
lewis moody , danny grewcock and josh lewsey said they felt a jolt .     plane was dropping them off at the start of the 60-mile trek to the pole .     rugby stars are now back from expedition that raised money for charity .
xie shisheng was just 16 when he was imprisoned in a chinese cotton mill .     he 's been rescued after 18 years and says he was beaten daily and tortured .     xie 's captors fled the scene when police arrived at the mill on wednesday .
troy slezak from california filmed his seven-month-old daughter stella playing with the giant pooch on the living room floor at home .     footage shows the duo rolling around together and stopping for nose rubs .     slezak says the canine is usually ` very hyper ' but as soon as she sees stella she is ` calm ' and ` careful '
the seven signs around hollywood were erected this week by street artist plastic jesus .     he says he got the idea while driving down melrose ave a few weeks ago .     a kardashian shopping on the street caused such a ruckus that traffic was stopped on the busy avenue and he thought ` how is this news ? '     plastic jesus says the signs are n't meant to target the kardashians specifically but the obsession with reality tv stars in general .
new research indicates that a play published in 1728 was written by william shakespeare .     scholar lewis theobald had passed the work off as his own .     texas researchers used software to analyze and compare the language of the men .
talks run until early thursday morning ; expected to resume hours later .     iranian minister : other side must `` seize the moment , '' not try to pressure iran .     u.s. official : `` it is still totally unclear when this might happen , if it happens at all ''
sophia , the daughter of a lesbian , explains how two mothers are able to have a baby .     video was posted on a lifestyle website for lesbian moms , gay dads , single parents and adoptive families .     the first-grader also put together a series of illustrations to accompany the clip .
former olympian said he has ` always been on the conservative side ' of lgbt issues .     said : ' i would sit in church and always wonder , `` in god 's eyes , how does he see me ? '' '
irwin horwitz threatens to fail his entire class .     his fiery email goes viral ; he now wonders if the unwanted attention will affect his career .
reading face arsenal at wembley on saturday in fa cup semi-final .     aston villa and liverpool clash in second semi-final on sunday .     chelsea and manchester united clash in premier league on saturday night .
point-of-sale shutdown is effecting 8,000 starbucks locations in us and canada .     company said in statement glitch was caused by a failure during a daily system refresh .     glitch also affected starbucks ' evolution fresh and teavana stores .     many starbucks locations closed their doors so as not to give away free drinks .     coffeehouse chain said in update on its site stores are expected to open for ` business as usual ' saturday .
rachel chapman , nee friedman , was left paralyzed after being playfully pushed into a pool on her bachelorette party on may 23 , 2010 .     she tells dailymail.com her first question was ` can i still have children ? '     five years later , rachelle and husband chris are days from being parents .     their college friend laurel humes offered to be their surrogate .     the baby , a girl , is due on april 18 .     click here for more information about rachelle on her website .
american youtube user kentuckyfriedidiot filmed himself teaching his newborn daughter how to suck a plastic water bottle .     to date the clip has been watched more than 190,000 times .
brighton giving young players training in law surrounding sexual consent .     the seagulls are the first to provide counselling to youth players .     part of training involves taking part in question and answer sessions .
figures show that while millions still tune in they listen for shorter bursts .     average listener spent ten hours a week tuning in last three months of 2014 .     this was 14 % down on decade earlier , when people tuned in for 11.6 hours .     the bbc trust has cleared the way for firms to buy their way into lifestyle programmes on the world news channel in a product placement experiment . for example , publishers could pay to have their books reviewed on talking books . the bbc trust will review the scheme in a year .
pupils are taught manual called kim jong-un 's revolutionary activities .     perhaps unsurprisingly , it contains no mention of the country 's history .     text also claims kim can draw well and knows how to compose music .
charly was patrolling venice beach with his minders tuesday .     somehow a tagger managed to write ` rbs ' and an arrow on his flank .     the silver paint was easily cleaned off .     but police want to find the person responsible and have appealed for help .
mesut ozil was brilliant during arsenal 's 4-1 victory against liverpool .     the german is first to get criticised , but he is a special talent .     eden hazard 's composure has been key for chelsea this season .     manuel pellegrini will be feeling the pressure on monday night .     ander herrara is enjoying his football after a difficult start .     bafetimbi gomis is proving there is life after wilfried bony at swansea .
nick abendanon was sublime in clermont 's 37-5 win against northampton .     abendanon is ineligible for england because he is playing overseas .     toulon flanker steffon armitage is in the same predicament .     the rfu can invoke an ` exceptional ' clause to select overseas players .     but this clause could create tension in the england camp .
world 's best surfers have taken to their boards for the margarent river pro .     the dangerous surf break , ` the box , ' has initiated spectacular wipeouts .     australian josh kerr faceplanted into the reef when he lent too far forward .     adam melling and owen wright also succumbed to the huge surf break .
labour party supporters most likely to get up and show off their moves .     voters for the liberal democrats prefer a window seat on a plane .     green party fans more likely to take home the toiletries than others .
hilary wilson suffered an amniotic fluid embolism during labour .     she had a cardiac arrest and ` died ' for 11 minutes as her son was born .     was given a 30 % chance of survival but thankfully woke up 4 days later .     had no memory of being pregnant or giving birth after she woke up .
female fans captivated by new breed of ` pretty but gritty ' male leads .     aidan turner in poldark perfects the rugged costume drama look .     other heartthrobs include kit harington in games of thrones , sam heughan in outlander and travis fimmel in vikings .
the head of the wildlife aid foundation in surrey rescued the fox .     fox had been stuck for 40 minutes and was unable to move around .     mr cowell distracts it with a stick and then lifts cub out of the fence .     fox is released back into the wild and heads off home to its mother .
barcelona beat psg over two legs to progress in uefa champions league .     pep guardiola and bayern munich showed dominance against porto .     real madrid were indebted to javier hernandez against atletico madrid .     juventus are playing their first champions league semi-finals since 2003 .     uefa champions league semi-final first legs take place on may 5/6 2015 .     click here to follow how it all unfolded .
charter a private jet in the us via jetsuite.com for as little as # 369 .     airbnb , homeaway and vrbo offer budget stays in castles and mansions .     getmyboat.com has luxury yachts from # 125 per person all over the world .     a specialist website lets car fans rent a porsche boxster s for # 175 per day .
the man , known only as xu , was keen to have a grandchild .     he bought the ` daughter-in-law ' for # 1,311 at the beginning of 2014 .     both his son and the woman that xu bought suffered from learning difficulties .     after realising the young couple were not sleeping together , he began having sex with her himself .     but when she failed to fall pregnant he decided to sell her on again .     xu is under arrest for human trafficking at lianyungang in eastern china .
binmen refused to empty bin because it had empty crisp packet on lid .     they also left bin full because there was a scrap of cellophane on top .     enraged residents have branded waste collection squads as ` little hitlers '
liverpool got back to winning ways with fa cup victory over blackburn .     brendan rodgers will be hoping his side can close gap on man city .     the reds are just seven points behind city with a game in hand .     liverpool host newcastle at anfield on monday night .     raheem sterling : my ambition is to have my own song from the kop .
highly rated striker obbi oulare attracting attention from around europe .     manchester united and borussia dortmund among sides scouting oulare .     the 19-year-old found the net as brugge extended lead at top of league .
kate parker is the photographer and mother behind `` strong is the new pretty ''     the photo series shows her messy , wild daughters as they are , parker said .
seb larsson banned for sunderland following yellow card vs newcastle .     jack rodwell will return for black cats following hamstring injury .     joe ledley to be given chance by crystal palace to prove fitness .     mile jedinak set to be included for eagles following four-match ban .
cell phone footage has emerged appearing to show actor dennis quaid having a diva-esque meltdown on set .     ` this is the most unprofessional set i have ever been on , ' he screams .
british no 1 faces tomas berdych in the miami open semi-finals .     former coach dani vallverdu and now fitness trainer jez green left andy murray 's team to join up with the czech .     murray defeated berdych in a controversial australian open semi-final .
kenyan agency : 147 dead , plans underway to evacuate students and others .     garissa university college students wake to explosions and gunfire .     reports : gunmen storm the kenyan school , attacking christians and letting muslims go .
oliver minatel , a 22-year-old player from brazil , was attacked from behind , he says .     witnesses say suspect tried to choke him with the cord from his headphones .     team says forward is ok , will play saturday night ; suspect was taken for evaluation .
eamon sullivan proposed to girlfriend naomi bass in kyoto , japan .     the pair were out for an evening walk when he dropped to one knee .     proposal took place under a cherry blossom tree filled with white doves .     pair met in perth in 2011 , where they live with their three dogs .     sullivan previously dated fellow olympic swimmer stephanie rice .
the world has been paying tribute to richie benaud , the ` voice of cricket '     former australia captain and legendary cricket commentator died aged 84 .     in november , benaud revealed he was being treated for skin cancer .
davion only , 16 , captured hearts around the nation in 2013 when he made a plea in front of church congregation for a family to ` love him forever '     he was adopted by a minister in ohio but sent back into the system a few months later when he fought with one of the minister 's children .     in the next year he was shuttled between four different homes and four schools in florida before calling his old caseworker , connie bell going .     davion called and asked miss connie if she would adopt him last july .     going agreed , and in february they signed court papers to officially make davion her son , which should take effect april 22 .     ' i guess i always thought of you as my mom , ' davion said to going last december .
officer michael slager 's mother says she could n't watch the video of the incident .     slager was fired earlier this week .     slager is charged with murder in the death of walter scott .
commando says air transport was delayed for hours as al-shabaab forces slaughtered students .     on april 2 , 147 were killed at a university in garissa , kenya , most were students .
cf-18 hornets bomb a garrison near isis ' de facto capital of raqqa , canada says .     the canadian military has conducted dozens of strikes against isis in iraq .
hoesik is the korean tradition of eating and drinking together .     anthony bourdain travels to korea for the season five premiere of `` parts unknown ''
paul is already under fire for his evolving views on iran , foreign aid to israel and defense spending .     why do n't we let me explain instead of talking over me , ok ? ' he asked the ` today ' host as she tried to corner him .     paul launched his presidential quest on tuesday in kentucky andis already on a five-state campaign swing .     he pinned his 2007 claim that iran was not a threat to the us on the fact that he was campaigning for his father 's presidential bid at the time .
hundreds of desperate migrants have died attempting to cross the mediterranean in recent says .     and italians are alarmed that this year as many as a million migrants could arrive in europe .
carla suarez navarro advances to final of the miami open with win .     spaniard will play either serena williams or simona halep in final .     suarez navarro beats andrea petkovic in straight sets - 6-3 , 6-3 .
charlesetta taylor , 79 , may have her home of 70 years torn down by the city of st. louis .     this so the city can make way for a campus for the national geospatial-intelligence agency .     the city may also tear down 49 other homes to make sure the nga does not leave the city , and take the 3,000 jobs it provides .     there are three other sites being looked at that would not displace as many people .
bernie ecclestone has urged lewis hamilton to consider a move to ferrari .     the 30-year-old has yet to put pen to paper on new contract with mercedes .     the brit will seek to to extend his 13-point lead at the bahrain grand prix .
ap mccoy finished well ahead of rivals in jump jockeys championship .     there is no-one on his shoulder , no-one breathing down his neck .     he will race at sandown for the last time before retiring on saturday .
ten physicians across the country have banded together to tell columbia they think having oz on faculty is unacceptable .     radiology professor says that he just wants oz to `` follow the basic rules of science ''     tv 's `` dr. oz '' holds a faculty position at columbia university 's college of physicians and surgeons .
italian navy 's `` mare nostrum '' mission to rescue would-be migrants in peril rescued an estimated 100,000 people .     operation ended in october 2014 , but the tide of people trying to cross the mediterranean has not abated .     italy has borne brunt of task of picking up , sheltering and providing food and medical help to illegal migrants .
bi apologizes on social media : `` my personal speech has led to grave social consequences ''     chinese tv star filmed cursing the late chairman mao zedong .     making disrespectful references to china 's leaders in public is still taboo .
the little greek island of skopelos is known as the setting for mamma mia .     with no airport on the island , most visitors arrive by ferry from skiathos .     with small coves galore , skopelos is an ideal location for a week 's sailing .
danielle davis of savannah , georgia looked to her faith after her husband brian nearly died seven months after they were married in 2011 .     doctors encouraged her to pull the plug but she refused and brian was eventually able to go home in her care .     three years of brian 's memories were wiped and he 's challenged by everyday task but continues to improve with danielle 's help .
taylor alesana of fallbrook , california took her own life on april 2 after being bullied because she was transgender .     the 16-year-old had a popular youtube channel in which she discussed her struggles and the bullying she faced .     she said in one ; ` i 've lost tons of friends , tons . and it 's been hell . i go to school every day , and i get my lunch and i sit down alone '     the north county lgbtq resource center said the young woman did not have the support she needed from her school and adults .     in one of her final videos she said ; ` my biggest advice to anyone who 's transgender and struggling ? you 're becoming yourself '     ` taylor was a beautiful and courageous girl , and all she wanted was acceptance , ' said the resource center in a statement .
teacher suggested german tanks should invade france to subdue pupils .     frenchwoman also alleged to have defended adolf hitler 's domestic record .     she has since been suspended from auguste remoir college in limoges .
clarkson was due to host satirical news show at the end of this month .     would have been first bbc appearance since dismissal from top gear .     however producers today confirmed he has withdrawn from show .
parents of audrie pott reach financial settlement with remaining two teens .     family made an agreement with one weeks ago after he ` showed remorse '     issued a lengthy apology as part of the wrongful death civil suit .     admitted the teenager was unconscious and did not consent at the time .     apologized for spreading rumors that ` served to shame and humiliate her '     during a hearing one of the boys said he ` missed audrie a lot '     pair will also have to give presentations on ` sexting ' and ` slut-shaming '     the trio stripped her naked , drew on her and attacked her during a party .
adam crapser , 39 , was issued with deportation papers by the department of homeland security in january and a hearing is set for april 2 .     the father-of-three arrived in america with the name shin sonh hyuk in 1979 around the age of three along with his biological sister .     however , his first set of adoptive parents abandoned him and the second set turned out to be abusive .     adding to crapser 's struggles , at no point did his guardians seek the green card or citizenship for him that they should have .
mr miliband has started taking a lectern with him everywhere he speaks .     he has appeared behind the same silver lectern throughout the campaign .     the labour leader even spoke from behind a lectern in the middle of a field .     it is thought to be a strategy to make him look more like a prime minister .     he currently trails badly behind david cameron in personal ratings .     it has also emerged he has hired a ` performance coaching ' firm for help .
amir khan could be set to face manny pacquiao in abu dhabi , uae .     khan 's hopes of taking on floyd mayweather jr in las vegas have faded .     pacman 's promoter bob arum has a mega offer for a uae fight late in 2015 .     khan is a hero of the muslim world and his lure in the middle east is clear .     the brit will be ringside when the money man fights the pacman on may 2 .     khan must first win interim bout with chris algieri in new york on may 29 .
jenna marotta , 27 , suffered from dermatillomania , a psychosomatic disorder that caused her to obsessively pick at the skin on her face .     the new york-based writer said she used to spend up to four hours a day squeezing her skin in front of the bathroom mirror .     she developed the condition while trying to battle binge-eating addiction .     has now managed to overcome it - but sees psychiatrist ` to stay on track '
a new youneedabudget.com study found that 64 per cent of adults spend more money with friends due to peer pressure or the desire to show off .     the top items americans overspend on are food and clothing .     five per cent of those polled said they hide big purchases from their spouses or significant others .
manny pacquiao held a media workout at the famous wild card gym .     he is just over two weeks away from facing floyd mayweather on may 2 .     pacquiao will earn more than $ 120m from the richest fight in boxing .     but pacquiao says he is not materialistic and fights to please the fans .     ricky hatton : pacquiao has style but mayweather ` will find a way to win '
chris smalling has impressed for manchester united in recent weeks .     steven gerrard was poor at wembley , but liverpool will miss him next term .     bayern 's thomas muller led celebrations against porto with megaphone .     but do n't try it over here ; stewards in their yellow jackets would not like it .
tv presenter said sister debbie had contacted family to say she was safe .     she said : ' i can barely speak and i 'm still quite numb . it 's an awful situation '     says her sister may have been airlifted from the mountain this morning .
hans-wilhelm muller-wohlfahrt has been working with paula radcliffe .     radcliffe admits she was close to pulling out of sunday 's london marathon .     the annual race will be radcliffe 's final competitive marathon of her career .     german doctor muller-wohlfahrt has previously worked with ronaldo .
the body of a new york woman was left dangling from a fire escape for more than an hour sunday after she hung herself .     the unnamed woman was discovered around 8.20 am sunday hanging from the third-floor fire escape of her apartment building .     one neighbor said the woman had mental health issues .
it is not unusual to see arsenal finish the season with good results .     arsenal host chelsea at the emirates stadium on sunday .     an arsenal win will not stop chelsea from becoming champions .     chelsea will not have it all their own way in the premier league next year .     no team is better placed than arsenal to dislodge jose mourinho 's side .     arsenal must go for it this summer and make the big additions .     fabian delph has been aston villa 's best player for the last 18 months .     other premier league clubs missed their chance to sign delph for free .
kate middleton is expecting her second child in the next week .     in her first pregnancy , she chose to cover up bump with stylish coats .     some choose comfort over style , while others ignore they 're pregnant at all .     kim kardashian remained glamorous in strappy heels and tight dresses .
rare tote is so exclusive that it ca n't even be brought in store .     experts say it 's an extremely good investment as only increases in value .     kim kardashian and victoria beckham are both fans of hermes .
ship owned by king kamehameha ii , the second king of hawaii , sank off the coast of kauai in april 1824 .     shipwreck chaser richard rogers excavated site between 1995 and 2001 .     retrieved a boat whistle , a ring , utensils and a trumpet shell .     collection had been kept at the smithsonian .     has been delivered to kauai museum and will go on display later this year .
the reporter announced early march he would take time off due to tumour .     he made a brief return last night with his voice still recovering its strength .     mr robinson 's voice sounded weak and strained following his treatment .     the bbc political editor said he hoped to be back full-time ` fairly soon '
mercedes-benz fashion week australia 2015 came to a close on thursday night in sydney .     stand-out shows included maticevski , romance was born , tome , steven khalil and johanna johnson .     sheer and metallic fabrics and slouchy and voluminous silhouettes were recurring trends .
jack rivera , a new york trucker , captured the collision on his dashcam as he drove along the interstate 35e in texas last wednesday .     police said the driver in the suv , identified as laura michelle mayeaux , may have been intoxicated and trying to take her own life .     she was transported to baylor university medical center in dallas because of the injuries she sustained during the wreck .     her last known condition was reported as critical .     it is not known if mayeaux will face charges and the event remains under investigation .
roxanne jones : jury right to find hernandez guilty , but the waste of life for player and his victim is tragic .     she says nfl , patriots knew his troubled past , but could not have predicted his actions , and both handled case well .
officer michael slager is being held at charleston county jail accused of murdering walter scott , shooting him eight times in the back .     slager 's wife jamie is eight and a half months pregnant .     ` he will not be allowed to see the child , ' major eric watson of the charleston county sheriff 's office tells daily mail online .     prisoners are not allowed access to the internet or mobile phone videos .     no date has yet been set for his first court appearance and his full trial date could more than a year away .     walter was stopped for allegedly having a faulty center stop light at the bottom of his rear windscreen .     family tell says the light was an accessory and both mandatory stop lamps were functioning .
jessica knight loves eating carpet underlay and furniture stuffing .     she also snacks on sand and rocks even though parents try to stop her .     family now give her a purse full of sponge to control her cravings .     jessica suffers from rare condition pica but doctors say they ca n't treat her until she is six years old .
protein world 's billboard features a svelte bikini-clad model asking ` are you beach body ready ? '     the advertising campaign is facing a massive backlash with vandalised posters , a petition and a protest rally .     now head of marketing richard staveley revealed the company has even had bomb threats over the ad .     but he added it had been ' a brilliant campaign ' and protein world had no plans to change it any time soon .
aston villa have a chance of fa cup glory after reaching the final .     a few months ago the midlands club only had survival to contend with .     the aston villa squad can write the next chapter in the club 's history .
liz clark , 34 , was working as a bartender in her hometown of san diego , california .     but a professor suggested she use his boat to live out her dream and sail around the world .     ten years later , liz is determined to continue her adventure , although she admits it can be lonely .     she sails alone in a cal 40 sailboat , and has travelled about 25,000 nautical miles to date .
tyler macniven , who won the ninth season of the amazing race , filmed a save the date for his upcoming wedding .     in the video , macniven and his fiancee kelly hennigan battle friends and in the end escape one very large explosion .     the couple 's wedding will be on september 26 , 2015 , though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place .
experts have raised red flags about the warming of planet by 2 degrees celsius .     john sutter : this one little number is significant as a way to focus world 's attention on problem .
cyclist wang pingan had his cycle stolen just days before completing an epic ride around china .     locked bike was stolen outside an electronics market in shenzhen , guandong province .     wang had vowed to complete his journey by foot , but police managed to recover it against the odds .
arsenal have a chance at the premier league title if chelsea throw it away .     the gunners are on a terrific run of 15 wins in 17 since january 2 's loss .     the two defeats in this spell were at tottenham and at home to monaco .     these were the two key games all arsenal fans desperately wanted to win .     read : arsenal have exactly the same record in league as last season .     click here for all the latest arsenal news .
lucas hinch , who runs an herb and tea shop in colorado springs , said he 'd simply had enough of the computer 's ` blue screen of death '
matthew weathers tricked his class at biola university in california .     pretends to be embarrassed by help video recorded back to front .     suddenly begins arguing with his virtual self on the video screen .     a virtual fight ensues before rogue teacher steals the id of real one .
george kirby and doreen luckie from eastbourne will be oldest newlyweds .     pair with combined age of 195 smash the previous guinness world record .     lived together for 27 years they have had 15 grandchildren between them .
silvia , from new york , developed a non-food craving while pregnant .     the eating disorder , called pica , makes people crave inedible items .     both she and partner estevan are worried about what it will do to the baby .
bbc one 's poldark ended with a tear-jerking cliffhanger last night .     fans have taken to twitter to complain about ` withdrawal symptoms '     the second series of the hit drama starts filming this autumn .     this sunday 's poldark slot will be filled by sheridan smith 's the c-word .     luckily for turner fans , his new film the secret scripture is out this year .
kamal criticised umpires ' decision to award controversial no-ball against rohit sharma in india 's world cup match with bangladesh .     the bangladeshi president alleged india had used its influence in the icc .     governing body asked him to withdraw his statement or apologise .     but kamal confirmed his intention to step down .
shanna mccormick was 27.5 st and had life-threatening asthma attacks .     was engaged to her partner who feared she would die in her sleep .     miss mccormick decided to put off the wedding to lose weight over 2 years .     lost 16.5 st with meal replacements and has now set a date for the wedding .
machines are used around the world for sorting luggage onto conveyors .     video shows swift and powerful mechanical arm separating suitcases .     similar to the ` parallel pusher ' developed by leading dutch company .
airport bosses say re-branding in china has already brought more tourists .     if hs2 is built the hub could also be renamed ` birmingham london airport '     london would be 38 minutes away , ten minutes further than heathrow .
the 31-year-old was seen enjoying an early evening run in the sunshine .     she sported a blue vest and shorts and appeared to clutch a set of keys .     miss middleton is preparing to take part in a 54-mile charity bike ride .     previously told how she sticks to ` wholesome carbs ' to prepare for races .
juventus keeper gianluigi buffon says he has no plans to retire soon .     italy international says he will be the first to bow out when his level slips .     but feels it would be a waste to retire now because he is still playing well .
southampton manager ronald koeman wants to stay on at st mary 's .     dutchman says he would even turn down real madrid and barcelona .     southampton face former manager mauricio pochettino on saturday .     the ex-saints boss quit in the summer to take charge of tottenham .
shrewsbury and telford hospitals nhs trust paid the huge figure .     equates to # 183 an hour and is double to going rate for a neurologist .     hospital said temporary staff have to be used to cover staffing shortfalls .
white house said today that jeremy bernard would depart after a state dinner next month , confirming rumors he 'd soon exit the administration .     first lady offered a glowing review of bernard 's tenure , saying she was ` lucky to have such a talented individual on my team ' and a ` lifelong friend '     he is moving back to california ` to think about what 's next and spend some quality time with garbo , my rescue beagle '     white house has not yet named a replacement .
substitute ishmael miller scores 89th-minute equaliser for huddersfield .     sergiu bus had put sheffield wednesday ahead three minutes earlier .
broga yoga targets its classes specifically at men with more ` rugged ' workout .     the company trademarked the catchy term in 2009 and its popularity quickly spread .     the training and licensing of instructors began in 2012 .     there are now more than 200 broga yoga instructors in the u.s.     crunch , david barton gyms and equinox are among the facilities offering yoga towards for men .
the president took a jab at the wisconsin governor during an interview with npr morning edition host steve inskeep .     obama was responding to walker 's claims that he 'd ` absolutely ' cancel or ` disown ' a deal with iran on ` day one ' if elected to higher office .     jab at walker departed from the white house 's general strategy of staying out of the race to replace the sitting president .     walker fired back on twitter : ` americans would be better served by a president who spent more time working with governors & congress rather than attacking them '     obama defended the informal agreement his administration made with iran and the shift toward cuba , which it may take of its list of terrorist countries .
no-more-pms diet consists of anti-inflammatory foods and nutrients .     the eating plan was devised by naturopathic doctor lara briden .     research indicates that pms is caused by unhealthy hormone receptors .     health of hormone receptors is impaired by chronic inflammation .     stress , smoking , and eating certain foods are all causes of inflammation .     cutting inflammatory foods can result in dramatic improvement in pms .
cloned camel was born in 2009 and called inzaz , which means achievement .     she was cloned from ovarian cells and born by surrogate mother .     injaz is now six years old and is said to have conceived naturally .     she 's expected to give birth late this year , proving cloned animals ' fertility .
rye silverman , from los angeles , was chosen as one of the brand 's monthly fashion truth campaign stars .     the 32-year-old comedian often posts pictures of herself wearing modcloth clothing on the brand 's open fashion forum , which is how she was spotted .
patrick bamford was crowned the championship player of the year .     the starlet has scored 19 goals for middlesbrough this season .     chelsea loaned bamford out and he dreams of wearing the blue shirt .
parents of miracle baby sonit awal overjoyed as infant pulled from rubble .     father dragged rocks away with his bare hands to try and free the boy .     infant was saved by a cupboard that fell , protecting him from aftershocks .     mum rasmila has thanked ` god and the rescuers ' for saving her child .
michael bisping beating cb dollaway on points in montreal during ufc 186 .     manchester 's bisping was given the nod 29-28 by all three of the judges .     bisping said after the fight that dolloway was tougher than he anticipated .
manny pacquiao 's conference call with boxing writers was cancelled .     question and answer session had to be postponed due to technical issues .     pacquiao responded to one question in what was supposed to be his last media event before travelling to las vegas for may 2 fight .
jack black the friendly jackdaw is a welcome resident in penryn , cornwall .     one fan has set up a facebook page for him which has 450 members .     they share pictures , videos and stories about jack and his adventures .
the ` very blokey joke book ' by jake harris contains highly offensive joke .     the quip is about a man watching his wife being beaten up by friends .     shocked twitter users branded it ` horrific ' and ` staggeringly offensive '     the clothing brand have said they will withdraw the book from stores .     last may the brand was also criticised for misogynistic merchandise .     the merchandise featured a gag for women designed to look like a football illustrated with a man putting his fingers in his ears .
openly-gay high school junior , anthony martinez , had reached his wits ' end trying to find a ` boy date '     in a bid to find a suitor for his may 2 dance in nevada , he tuned to twitter .     he was over-joyed when his straight guy friend , jacob lescenski , stepped in to fill the spot .     he was even more touched when his guy pal came up with an extra special promposal idea which has since garnered global attention .
henley and partners 's visa restrictions index calculates travel freedom .     it is based on the number of countries citizens can visit visa-free .     the best passports include those from finland , usa , germany and the uk .     lowest ranking countries include iraq , afghanistan and pakistan .
s.e. cupp : clinton making women central to outreach , but she should really focus on men .     in 2014 election , overplaying to one gender failed -- particularly with `` war on women ''
nasa has been testing a flexible wing on a plane in california .     the wing can bend from -2 degrees up to 30 degrees .     technology means that regular flaps are n't needed - and it is much lighter .     it could increase fuel efficiency 12 % and reduce noise 40 % .
barcelona outclassed psg to win 3-1 in the champions league quarters .     neymar scored the opener after brilliant work from lionel messi .     luis suarez netted a fabulous second half double for luis enrique 's side .     gregory van der wiel 's deflected effort gave psg some hope .
carolina sandretto focuses on the crumbling buildings many cubans live in together .     the maze-like `` solares '' often include separate families under one roof .
benidorm officials said the resort was applying to reinvent its own image .     ` it 's a symbol of harmonious coexistence , ' says sociology professor .     mayor agustín navarro said ` it 's the best-designed city of the med '
the scale of influence unite holds is chilling given what it seeks to impose .     it remains addicted to the failed socialist policies of britain 's past .     mr mcclusky denies holding too much power over labour 's ed miliband .
andy hornby is in charge of the disgraced online company pharmacy 2u .     it was revealed yesterday that service has been selling nhs patients ' data .     many of which are the most vulnerable in society , who are ill or disabled .     there are calls for him to step down and condemned for selling on details .
looming threat of al-shabaab has terrified students and teachers in kenya .     terror group massacred 147 at kenyan university last week .
thomas bjorn 's wayward shot flew into crowd of spectators .     ball flew into lap of female fan but was able to take free drop .     tom watson hit shot of the day from greenside bunker .     masters 2015 golf : friday 's tee-off times at augusta national .     click here to follow the day two masters 2015 action .
matej vydra opened the scoring with his fifth goal in seven matches .     watford could not hold on after marco motta gave away a penalty .     he was shown a straight red card and darren bent scored the spot kick .     in the second half , tom ince scored to complete derby 's comeback .     watford were n't finished though , and odion ighalo levelled at 2-2 .
detroit tigers pitcher justin verlander snapped a selfie in front of an unsuspecting little boy wearing the player 's shirt in line at a starbucks .     verlander uploaded the photo to instagram saying the fan was ` pretty surprised ' when he turned around .     the photo has gotten more than 16,000 ` likes ' and 600 comments .
manuel pellegrini 's position has come under scrutiny at manchester city .     patrick vieira is in charge of the champion 's elite development squad .     the former arsenal star is well equipped to become a top manager .
mateo musacchio fractured fibula and dislocated ankle during getafe draw .     santi cazorla tweeted : ' a lot of best wishes to my friend mateo '     arsenal midfielder cazorla and musacchio played together at villarreal .
an increasing number of surveys claim to reveal what makes us happiest .     but are these generic lists really of any use to us ?     janet street-porter makes her own list - of things making her unhappy !
roar , the film that took 11 years to create and was originally released in cinemas 1981 is being re-released at some cinemas in the us in april .     film features noel marshall , his real-life partner tippi hedren and their kids , james marshall and melanie griffith .     family lived alongside 150 untamed animals in order to make movie .     ` dad was a f**king ** hole to do that to his family , ' says james in a new interview .     injuries to the crew included a broken leg , gangrene and large wounds , with james needing six men to pull a lion off him at one point .
randy lerner was expected to make a rare appearance for wembley game .     but lerner had to miss the match on sunday after his aunt died .     aston villa beat liverpool to reach the fa cup final .
27-year-old danny willett will make his debut at the masters next week .     willett insists he is not competing to make up the numbers .     willett is a two-time winner on the european tour .
william and kate are turning anmer hall into a secluded fortress home .     couple want informal , away-from-the-cameras upbringing for their children .     anmer is set to become their principal residence over the next few years .     royal aides confirmed the cambridges will head to anmer after the birth .
judy murray wore a belted dress-coat to her son andy 's wedding .     she stays toned by dancing , doing pilates , walking or gardening .     try the v-sit up to engage and firm your abdominal muscles .
` it 's like my home away from home and i just love it here , ' judy eddingfield said of winstead 's in kansas city .     judy eddingfield celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant last week where she began working when she was 15 in 1965 .     eddinfield 's mother along with her siblings all worked at the restaurant .
ashley pegram , from summerville , south carolina , went on a date with a man she met online on april 3 and has not been seen since .     her sister found she had been messaging an 18-year-old man - but he turned out to be 30-year-old edward primo bonilla .     bonilla told her and police that he had kicked pegram out of his car because she was too drunk .     he has been charged with obstructing justice for ` giving false and misleading information ' and police say foul play is ' a definite possibility '
a new zealand family has transformed an old truck into a travelling castle .     it comes complete with turrets that feature a toilet and a shower .     when packed away the compact vehicle meets minimum road requirements .     jola siezen is an acrobat who performs around the country .
sir philip carter died at his home on thursday morning after a short illness .     carter served everton during three spells after first joining the club in 1977 .     toffees chairman bill kenwright pays tribute to a ` great man and leader '
geraldine schultz , 67 , was killed last week by vortex in town of fairdale .     destructive tornado also picked up 1980 photo of her with husband , 84 .     photograph was carried 35 miles to harvard , illinois , where it was found .     found by alyssa murray , who posted online and was able to return it .     the tornado carried some items further - one family photograph was found 70 miles away in racine , wisconsin .
racially-charged and offensive emails from ferguson released after public records request .     two ferguson police officers resigned over racist emails .     city 's top court clerk was fired .
mail on sunday writer visits the resort of niyama , in the dhaalu atoll .     spends her days relaxing in the lime spa and snorkelling .     food at the resort is cooked by aussie chef geoff clark .
alec stewart admits he would happily consider a role within ecb .     england would need permission from surrey before contacting stewart .     ex wicketkeeper-batsman claims it would be silly not to listen to an offer .
nile ranger has been awol from blackpool since early december .     the striker has not played for the club since the end of november .     ranger 's blackpool deal expires at the end of this season .     former newcastle forward say the club took the mick out of him .
announcement states the use of toilet paper by muslims is now permitted .     directorate of religious affairs for turkey allows it but says water is better .     islamic rules previously said that followers should use water or left hand .
a video captured a hammerhead shark in the shallows off destin , florida .     two swimmers had no idea the giant shark was hunting so close to them .     men on a balcony yell to warn them of the proximity of the shark .
this page includes the show transcript .     use the transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary .     at the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on cnn student news . you must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the cnn student news roll call .
phil mickelson holds a one shot lead going into day three of houston open .     mickelson has struggled for form , carding an 82 earlier in the season .     tiger woods confirmed his participation at the masters on friday .
photos of the raccoon were taken by crane operator rob macfarlane .     climbed about 213 meters up macfarlane 's crane on wednesday night in toronto .     shots of ` little mac ' were posted on thursday morning and spread on twitter .     animal got safely back down to the ground after doing its business on crane .     they have climbed the crane in the past and left their ` evidence ' behind .
the manchester derby is crucial in the race for the premier league top two .     under-pressure manuel pellegrini ca n't afford to lose the clash .     the performances of sergio aguero and wayne rooney will be important .     man united can open up a four-point gap if they beat their bitter rivals .     click here for all the latest manchester united news .     click here for all the latest manchester city news .
koral reef , 20 , died last year after a horrifying and protracted battle against the little-understood parasite balamuthia mandrillaris .     reef was wed to her high school sweetheart in july 2013 just months before she began showing symptoms like headache , fatigue and stiff neck .     reef 's mother sybil meister believes reef picked up the amoeba on a trip to lake havasu in may 2013 -- she was dead by october 2014 .
ian bell and joe root try new model helmet , which was released after phillip hughes ' death late last year .     chris gayle absent from series , instead playing in indian premier league .     jimmy anderson was presented with silver cap on his 100th test match .     teams pay their respect to richie benaud , who died last week .
obsidian can produce cutting edges many times finer than even the best steel scalpels .     some surgeons still use the blades in procedures today .
the unidentified man was photographed in the distasteful clothing item by a twitter user .     dozens of people responded to express their disgust at the t-shirt .
london-based firm has unveiled its luxury brand of apple watches .     the expensive devices are made with 24 karat gold , rose gold or platinum .     others are encrusted with diamonds and have python or crocodile skin .     prices range from a ` modest ' # 2,000 -lrb- $ 3,000 -rrb- to # 120,000 -lrb- $ 177,000 -rrb- .
amy-beth ellice , 17 , from essex started baking at three years old .     she published her first cookbook , amy 's baking year , at age 14 .     teen chef held recent cupcake masterclass in harrods .     her second , entertaining-themed , book is set to come out in 2016 .
reverend jonno williams says funeral of teacher to be held on wednesday .     he will be speaking with the family this afternoon to finalise the details .     reverend williams says it 'll be especially hard for the town 's young people .     ` she was a very friendly and cheerful girl , ' reverend williams says .     nsw health spokeswoman says ms scott 's body is still undergoing tests .     school cleaner vincent stanford , 24 , has been charged with her murder .
road safety video stars walk streets in bizarre ` safety suit ' costumes .     campaign says that 37 people pedestrians killed each year in philadelphia .     some have criticized program for blaming those hit rather than motorists .
apple 's first generation ipad launched on 3 april 2010 .     in its five years on the market , 225 million devices have been sold .     but larger smartphones and smart watches may herald its end .     sales for the ipad dropped 18 per cent in the final quarter of 2014 .
gemma the pit bull was filmed at home in california enthusiastically greeting a baby boy named elliot with kisses .     despite the infant 's best efforts , gemma keeps licking away .     other videos show the animal is clearly used to being around children .
manning is serving a 35-year sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents .     she says she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets .
rory mcilroy will be on the front cover of ea sports ' pga tour 2015 game .     the game offers multiple ways to play , including arcade controls .     fans can create their own custom gameplay style .
abc has kept a tight lid on details but interview is expected to address bruce 's gender transition .     network has only released non-specific quotes so as to allow bruce to address topic in full context of friday 's interview .
mrs. clinton enjoyed some downtime in chappaqua , new york , with husband ahead of her two-day swing through new hampshire this week .     the aspiring leader of the free world and the former leader of the free world were spotted strolling hand-in-hand as they soaked up the sun .     meanwhile , her two ` scooby ' campaign vans got some tlc of their own at a local body shop , where they were also hand washed .     clinton starts second leg of her endeavor to win the vote of ` everyday ' americans .     but report shows she makes more money for an hour 's worth of work than the country 's top ceos .
in terminal 3 , cushioned running paths direct passengers to their gates .     the money-saving trick cuts down on the cost of walkways and signage .     catering to low-cost carriers , the new terminal first opened on april 8 .
terence crawford stopped puerto rican thomas dulmore in the sixth .     the american won the vacant wbo junior welterweight title .     the 27-year-old fighter is still unbeaten and takes his record to 26-0 .
abdirahman sheik mohamud pleads not guilty to charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the fbi .     the columbus , ohio , resident became a u.s. citizen in february 2014 .     in april 2014 , he went to syria for terrorism training , prosecutors say in a news release .
the 23-year-old also revealed that she has been signed as the new face of beauty brand make up for ever .     andrea is thought to be the first ever transgender model to land a major cosmetics campaign .     the serbian-born fashion star underwent gender-confirmation surgery last year .     before her surgery , andreja made a name for herself within the fashion industry as both a male and a female model , with her androgynous look .
broadcaster vows to do less after hosting everything from rugby to crufts .     speaking to radio times , said questions about sexuality were ` exhausting '     said : ' i suspect gabby logan is n't asked about being married or a mother '
the training materials are a result of a 2013 ruling declaring `` stop , question and frisk '' unconstitutional .     they read that racial profiling `` is offensive . ... it diverts us from catching real criminals ''
lewis hamilton qualified in pole position for the bahrain grand prix .     ferrari 's sebastian vettel pipped mercedes ' nico rosberg to second .     hamilton has qualified pole in each of this season 's four races .     the brit qualified four tenths faster than vettel and six faster than rosberg .
judy murray has revealed to closer that she ca n't wait to be a granny .     son andy married his long term girlfriend kim sears just a few days ago .     the tennis coach says she will be an active part of their life .
aid organizations are still working to help the people of nepal in the wake of two major earthquakes .     thousands were killed in a magnitude 7.8 earthquake in nepal on april 25 .     a second quake rocked the country less than three weeks later .
the teardrop-shaped island was ravaged by the tsunami in 2004 .     the holiday industry there is recovered and expanding with new hotels .     see the uda walawe nature reserve elephants and tea plantations in kandy .
ian watson is set to come out of playing retirement at the age of 38 .     his last game was as player-coach in championship for swinton last june .     watson stepped up his training ahead of sunday 's game against castleford .
ben stokes returns to the ground where he broke his wrist hitting a locker .     he clashed with west indies batsman marlon samuel in the second test .     but his aggression , when controlled , is important to england .
peter endean re-tweeted a message with an image of the fleeing refugees .     a caption read : ` labour 's floating voters . coming to a country near you '     it comes just days after up to 950 refugees drowned trying to reach europe .     mr endean later apologised ` unreservedly ' but insisted it was an accident .     the council candidate from plymouth said it was ` unintentional '
red fox spots a deer bone among a group of black crows on a frozen lake in furen in japan and goes in to take it .     but the animal is challenged by two advancing large eagles who surround him as he holds bone in his jaws .     as the fox and eagles clash , it becomes clear the young fox is destined to lose the battle against his larger foes .
jodi speidel , 46 , and her 45-year-old husband , randy , were found dead in their bellefontaine , ohio , home tuesday .     couple had dragged two charcoal grills inside bedroom and locked door , but let their cats out and left note warning passersby of carbon monoxide .     suicide comes two months after speidels launched online fundraisers asking for help because they were starving and on verge of eviction .
jordan spieth won his maiden major at the age of 21 at augusta .     the 79th masters attracted massive television ratings in the usa .     spieth went back onto the 18th green to formally acknowledge the crowd .     jack nicklaus and phil mickelson are among those to pay tribute to spieth .
jockey blake shinn lost his pants while riding down the home straight .     ` the pants went ... and there was nothing i could do , ' shinn says .     shinn , atop miss royale , only managed to finish second in the race .     acting chief steward greg rudolph said he had never seen anything like it .
for more than 40 years , the lyrics of american pie have been puzzled over .     this week the handwritten lyrics sold for more than $ 1 million at auction .     the verses contain hidden references to seminal events of the 50s and 60s .     it includes nods to buddy holly , charles manson and martin luther king .
data bosses were caught boasting their underhand tactics to reporters .     they admitted ignoring and official no-call list meant to protect vulnerable .     said they could n't be honest with people because they would n't answer .     david light of data partnership revealed tactics used to coax information .     for 8p a record he also offered to sell information on people with pensions .
luke rockhold takes on lyoto machida in new jersey on saturday .     the middleweights will hope the winner will earn a title shot .     rockhold believes he has to dominate machida to earn the win .
police revealed they are ` vigorously perusing ' paedophile ring theory .     parents of william tyrrell have released a plea for his safe return .     ` we ca n't live like this , ' mother said as search entered its seventh month .     police say search of nsw bushland is reaching the conclusion stage .     divers were brought in to search a murky dam in a bush reserve .     william tyrrell vanished from his home in kendall , nsw in september 2014 .
jimmy anderson 's recent performance in the second test was one of the greatest i 've ever seen from an england cricketer .     however , alastair cook 's played an even bigger role in england 's success .     cook 's battling and captaincy qualities were clear to see throughout .     elsewhere , england will have a very good player back on their hands if jonathan trott can regain his old calmness going into the third test .
eugenie bouchard has suffered four defeats in her last six matches .     the world no 7 is representing canada in fed cup world group play-off .     canadian star refuses to shake hands in pre-match press conferences .
agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution . he passed a drug test and was discharged , alaska airlines says .     the cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled .
winston 's lawyer : kinsman 's `` false accusations have already been exposed and rejected six times ''     erica kinsman said jameis winston raped her in 2012 ; a prosecutor declined to bring criminal charges .     her lawsuit alleges sexual battery and false imprisonment ; winston has said they had consensual sex .
patrick bamford puts middlesbrough ahead after 20 minutes .     bamford 's deflected shot takes boro ahead of bournemouth .     visitors wigan remain in the relegation zone with six games to play .
ilha de mana , a 15-acre outcrop shaped like a tortoise shell , is located near the colonial town of paraty .     the private island off the costa verde is three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from rio de janeiro .     at # 2,500 -lrb- $ 3,750 -rrb- a night , it boasts a main residence and four chalets over crystal clear water .     with stunning surroundings , the island has its own water supply and its buildings are solar powered .
celebrity chef pete evans strongly endorses fluoride-free water .     but health minister jillian skinner said he is putting people 's health at risk .     she also added she has refused to watch evans ' show my kitchen rules .     medical professionals say fluoride protects from tooth decay .     australian dental association supports water fluoridation .
richard klass : iran framework agreement on nukes is strong , but opponents will cast doubts on this and try to obscure its facts .     he says the deal would cut uranium stockpile , centrifuges , implement rigorous inspections ; it should be judged on merits , not disinformation .
police confirmed the men are all aged in their 50s and from the york area .     comes after another man , in his 50s and from york , arrested last month .     the men were released earlier today after being questioned over the case .     body of missing chef , 35 when she disappeared in 2009 , has n't been found .
london-based artist jonty hurwitz creates sculptures that are smaller than a human hair .     they 're made using ultraviolet light and resin , and then photographed with an electron microscope .
muhammed tahir , 53 , followed woman in her 20s onto central line train .     he got close and pretended to accidentally rub his hand across her thigh .     he kept moving closer and rubbed his crotch and pot belly on her bottom .     act was ` so blatant ' it caught the attention of undercover police officers .
spanish researchers say climate change impacted human migration .     until 1.4 million years ago it was too cold to inhabit southeast spain .     but then the climate warmed to 13 °c -lrb- 55 °f -rrb- and became more humid .     this enabled hominins - our distant ancestors - to move to new regions .
reading university researcher says bees prefer cities to fields .     expansion of farmland has actually been damaging to bee population .     wildlife sites in four english counties saw bee species decrease .     reason is likely due to wide variety of flowering plants in urban areas .
keith whitworth was jailed for 22 years in 2013 for abusing three children .     one of the victims was his daughter mandy greenwood , now 39 .     mandy , from greater manchester , was raped almost daily as a child .     the mother-of-two has spoken out to try and help other victims of abuse .
manchester united host bitter rivals city on sunday afternoon .     it could be a derby without a single local player on either side .     louis van gaal and manuel pellegrini have both tried to immerse themselves in the local culture .     read : manchester united end 499-day wait over manchester city .     vincent kompany : beating united at old trafford will help ` rectify ' season .
martin allen believes it 's a crucial time for troops to follow orders .     players like john terry ensure whole squad is pulling in same direction .     perceptions in football need to change and they need to change quickly .     birmingham boss garry rowett is heading all the way to the very top .
rachel sandridge , 29 , from maryland , says she was shocked at the unexpected diagnosis but thankful it was discovered .     sandridge was due to undergo surgery after her weight reached 430lbs .     news was even more devastating as only two years earlier her father has died from cancer .     she is now cancer free and has dropped 10 dress sizes .
david cameron revealed that the london mayor had seen him as a rival .     pm said mr johnson ` suddenly realised ' his competition was elsewhere .     comes after he named johnson , osborne and may as potential successors .     mr cameron also admitted bullingdon club past ` cripplingly embarrassing '
jason warnock rescued a man whose suv was dangling off the edge of a cliff .     warnock : `` i do n't feel like i deserve any credit ... i just did what anyone would do ''
hannah and alex needed a place to live after they moved back to new zealand from the uk in 2009 .     so , they purchased a 1986 hino flatbed truck and started building a home on the back of it over the course of about a year and a half .     they then purchased a secluded piece of property and drove their nearly self-sufficient $ 25,000 home there .
liam phillips was world cup series champion in 2014 .     but phillips wants to use the 2015 series to develop his tactics for rio .     bmx rider also looking to reclaim his world championship title this year .
father , only known as john , noticed his daughter was acting strangely .     confronted her and she confessed taking cocaine , ecstasy and mcat .     told him drugs were available to buy at school , parks and youth groups .     father is now calling on local authority to take the issue more seriously .
italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg off the coast of north west greenland starting next year .     he will stay in isolation inside a contained ball without opening the hatch for 12 months .     the capsule will contain supplies and equipment for his survival , and workout equipment to keep him fit .     its designed to survive harsh conditions - such as the iceberg flipping - and can also float in water .
walmart supercenter was ranked the second worst in consumer reports ' annual supermarket survey .     it earned 64 points along with a&p and waldbaum 's , which was ranked the worst out of 68 supermarkets surveyed .     publix was ranked second best followed by trader joe 's and fareway stores .
no one was injured in the attack on the times square military recruitment station in march 2008 .     officials said the explosion may be connected to earlier unsolved bombings at the british and mexican consulates .     fbi footage showed the times square suspect placing the bomb and riding away on a bike .
michael foster denied launching a foul-mouthed attack at a rival candidate .     mr foster objected when a candidate mentioned his # 1.5 million home .     the former literary agent was at a public hustings in cornwall .     loveday jenkin challenged mr forster over the value of his second home .     the above article has been amended to make clear that loveday jenkin is standing for the cornish party mebyon kernow not the cornish nationalist party .
an egyptian goose that lived for at least a week with an arrow piercing its neck died after surgery .     the goose at first appeared to make it successfully through the operation at a bird and wildlife clinic wednesday but then died a short time later .     ` the vet did everything that they could do , ' said katie ingram of orange county animal care .     the cause of injury is likely a victim of animal cruelty .
owner lansdown has ploughed his fortune into the club through love and nothing else .     that strategy racked up enormous debts when they lost the championship play-off final in 2008 .     lansdown wrote off an eye-watering # 35million worth of debt last year .     he is more pragmatic with his money nowadays and city are on the brink of a return to the second tier .
he has not signed the lucrative contract liverpool waved in front of him and he gave an interview to the bbc without clearing it with the club .     but imagine if raheem sterling had actually done something wrong .     he has been called avaricious , capricious , disloyal and impressionable .     we talk about loyalty in football as if it is a one-way street .     clubs generally have very little loyalty to players . they treat them as commodities .     if he asks for time to think before he commits himself , it is absurdly unjust that he should be pilloried for it .
salvina formosa does weights and sit-to-stand exercises every week .     the 101-year-old recently tripped over an uneven footpath .     she has been taking part in step classes to improve her fitness .     the sydney mother celebrated her 101th birthday on march 16 .     the centenarian is going strong and there 's no sign of her slowing down .
warner bros slammed by novelist for dropping the deal in 2012 .     sony has announced deal to release movies and tv series .     the dark tower is an 8-part novel series written between 1970 and 2012 .     javier bardem and russell crowe rumored to be interested in the lead .
florent malouda has chosen the likes of john terry and didier drogba .     petr cech starts in goal while david luiz is deployed at right back .     thierry henry and didier drogba lead line in malouda 's dream team .
from belfies to butt implants , the kardashian clan has inspired many a trend .     the latest : kylie jenner 's pouty lips spark the #kyliejennerchallenge .
artist frank mckeever from florida created these amazing posters .     they show how we might colonise various worlds in the solar system .     included are humans skiing on a moon and living in cities on mars .     others show life on europa and near saturn - and a destroyed earth .
the mexican painter penned the letters to fellow artist jose bartoli from 1946 and 1949 while she was married to muralist diego rivera .     the 25 letters jose had saved until his death in 1995 are headed to auction at doyle new york on april 15 and expected sell upwards of $ 120,000 .
dj pete tong will present a late night prom at albert hall this summer .     bizarre choice may prove controversial with more traditional listeners .     former radio 1 presenter 's evening will celebrate club music in ibiza .
would-be immigrants come from more than 20 countries to north africa to cross mediterranean to europe .     they risk their lives crossing deserts and mountains ; many are robbed or cheated as they try to reach the libyan coast .
larry upright 's family says he would enjoy the request .     some vow to honor it , but others say they 'll still vote for hillary clinton .
reading lost 2-1 to arsenal in fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday .     royals no 1 adam federici made a horror mistake for second goal .     manager steve clarke insists his players will rally around the australian .
johnny sexton has featured in 11 euro knock-out games and won the lot .     racing metro 's no 10 wants to finish two-year stint in paris with a medal .     the french side face saracens in last eight of european champions cup .
osman yaya , 12 , from bennett middle school in salisbury , maryland , moderated a town hall session with the president on thursday .     during an answer about writer 's block , obama started getting a little long-winded and osman stepped in .     ` yeah . i think you 've sort of covered everything about that question , ' he said as the audience laughed .     obama grinned and replied , ` osman thinks i 've been talking too long '
new york is currently enjoying a cultural makeover .     highlights include the sculpturecenter in queens and experimental plays .     classic new york spots such as the marvellous moma remain excellent .     another highlight is the museum of moving image in queens .     icelandair allows travellers flying to the us to stop off en route .     itineraries include visits to reykjavik and the stunning golden circle .
femail 's inboxes flooded with hoax kitchen and beauty product news .     included unlikely launches like beafeater 's new vegan eatery leafeater .     we bring you the best of the april fools ' jokes doing the rounds today .
the direct marketing commission probing b2c data and data bubble .     investigating whether they breached rules on the sale of private data .     chief commissioner described allegations made about firms as ` serious '
six leeds players withdrew from squad for saturday 's match with charlton .     manager neil redfearn described the events as ` freakish ' ahead of defeat .     former leeds captain trevor cherry says it is ` disgraceful ' behaviour .     cherry wants to see the six players involved sacked by leeds .
tom ryan , 40 , had one leg ripped off and the other left hanging by a thread .     onlookers used shirt as a tourniquet in desperate bid to stop the bleeding .     witness : ` tom was screaming . one leg was laying next to him under truck '
the par 3 contest is played every year on eve of the masters tournament .     world 's best players take on a nine-hole course with wives , girlfriends , friends and their kids as caddies .     tiger woods and bubba watson were some of the many who brought the whole family along to play .     rory mcilroy brought one direction 's niall horan to caddie the contest .     the masters tournament kicks off thursday at 8am in augusta , georgia .
the 130-page songbook contains 70 songs with titles including pubic hair and the kotex song as well as bestiality .     one of them , the s&m man , is set to tune of the candy man and graphically describes sexually mutilating women .     revealed in lawsuit filing by four sexual-assault victims who want to stop the practice of sexual assault allegations within the military being handled entirely within the command structure .
jessica kemp , 32 , has slammed seminole county elementary in eustis .     faculty have threatened to remove her kindergartner son logan .     claims the oils aide him and have n't caused problems before .     school district have said they will not suspend him as it 's a ` health issue '
gorilla leaps toward exhibit window and hits it , sending family running .     zoo says patrons were never in danger .
fethiye cetin learned of her armenian heritage from her grandmother .     the grandmother survived the 1915 killings , assimilated , then kept her real identity hidden .     cetin , others want turkey to recognize the killings as a genocide ; the government has refused .     in the last decade a more public dialogue on the subject has begun in turkey .
wladimir klitschko will match joe louis ' record of 27 heavyweight bouts .     he is set to take on bryant jennings at madison square garden .     klitschko has dominated the heavyweight division for nearly a decade and says he is still fighting fit , shrugging off any talk of retirement .     jennings insists he is not intimated by his opponent 's record .
mohamad saeed kodaimati , 24 , faced two counts of making false statements involving international terrorism .     saeed was born in syria and became a naturalized american citizen in 2008 at age 17 .     the 24-year-old allegedly lied to fbi he had not been involved in any fighting , had never fired his weapon and did not know any isis members .     posted photos on facebook carrying guns and posing with known isis militants .     in online posts , saeed allegedly bragged about working for sharia court and fighting in battle that lasted four months .
the man , known only as jason , is filmed popping the ganglion on his wrist .     involves hammering a needle into his arm with the handle of a screwdriver .     a sticky ball of see-through jelly emerges from the cyst afterwards .     doctors do not advise popping ganglions as more fluid returns in future .
when tumours in lungs are suspected , patients can face a raft of tests .     some even need surgery to find out before lifesaving treatment can begin .     now doctors at university college london hospitals nhs foundation trust are able to start vital treatment much sooner after single procedure .     it even allows them to assess instantly the type and severity of the cancer .
a bubbler at a melbourne high school has been dispensing recycled water .     students at st peter 's college in melbourne may have been drinking treated sewage water for around 16 months .     the horrific discovery was made by maintenance during school holidays .     investigation is under way by the department of health and human services .     students were at risk of contracting gastro while drinking from the bubbler .     the other 20 bubblers at the school have been tested and deemed safe .
fbi director james comey suggested in remarks last week that poles were accomplices during the holocaust .     comey 's comments are offensive to poles as they had no role in running death camps and were themselves victims of the third reich .     poles see themselves as heroes of the war who have never been properly recognized , making the comments yet more hurtful .     the remarks came shortly before the 72nd anniversary of the warsaw ghetto uprising , which was commemorated on sunday .     the u.s. ambassador to poland , stephen mull , was called to the foreign ministry in a formal act of protest .     the incident echoes a gaffe by president obama in 2012 when he referred to ' a polish death camp ' - he offered his regrets for the error .
scientists at vanderbilt university explored how to reduce infection risk .     found all stuffed toys they swabbed showed signs of bacteria growth .     urged parents to wash and sterilise any cuddly toys before surgery .
spieth set a new masters scoring record with a 14-under 130 through two rounds at augusta national .     this was spieth 's sixth round as a professional here and his worst score is level par .     the next tiger ? that is a heap of pressure to drop on young shoulders .
bikram choudhury pioneered ` bikram yoga ' - practicing yoga in a room heated to 105f - and has a huge following , including celebrities .     he has been accused of unwanted sexual advances in six civil lawsuits .     speaking out about the accusations for the first time , he has denied ever assaulting the women and said he feels sorry for them .     he became emotional when asked how his wife of 30 years has reacted to the claims , saying : ` she never looks at me anymore '
annegret raunigk , 65 , from berlin , is pregnant with quadruplets .     pregnant following artificial insemination using donated sperm and eggs .     refused ` selective reduction ' abortion and will keep all four babies .
locals in the remote area of jharkhand state believe the ceremony has the power to protect their village .     participants are tied to a wooden pole by their feet and gradually lowered into the roaring flames below .     as those taking part get closer to the fire , a hindu priest throws oil to intensify the blaze ever further .     those escaping injury are deemed worthy to take part in the next stage of the ceremony - walking on hot coals .
boston marathon takes place monday , two years after bombing , and sentencing phase of trial begins tuesday .     kayyem : it was n't the puritan ethic but good disaster response that kept the marathon bombing from being even worse .
cheltenham town are battling to stay in league two with two games left .     manager gary johnson became manager of the club at the end of march .     he got the team to sign a piece of paper promising to give their all .
drive began on march 22 near san francisco 's golden gate bridge .     car arrived in new york city today - before auto show opens on april 3 .     drive used a specially adapted audi sq5 and drove itself 90 % of the time .
weather experts predict temperatures will dip by around ten degrees .     plunge means britain will be colder than moscow , stockholm and finland .     arctic airmass from iceland to blame for the sharp change in temperature .     forecaster also predict thousands of runners could be in for wet london marathon .
four-time masters champion made the announcement on friday .     he said he has worked a lot on his game and is excited to compete .     woods last competed on february 5 at the farmers insurance open when he walked off the course because of tightness in his lower back .
the 79th masters got underway on at augusta national on thursday .     but who are the wives and girlfriends who will be cheering the players on .     here , sportsmail brings you the lowdown on the masters wags .
the grand dame of broadcasters believes that monica lewinsky has the right stuff to bring the view back from the brink .     the former white house intern would also draw great guests - although probably not hillary or bill clinton .     her recent ted talk on ` the price of fame ` redefines her story as the first victim of cyber-bullying .     in recent weeks nielsen ratings showed that the talk beat out the view for the first time but the view made a comeback .
hiroshi ueda patented the ` extender stick ' at camera firm minolta in 1983 .     he came up with the invention after struggling to find anyone to take pictures of him with his wife while they were on a family holiday in europe .     it used a mirror on the front of compact cameras to help the photographer .     but the idea was not a commercial success and the patent ran out in 2003 .
rebecca francis ' photo with a giraffe was shared by ricky gervais .     francis was threatened on twitter for the picture .     francis , a hunter , said the giraffe was `` close to death '' and became food for locals .
eric cantona stars in a french film called ` you and the night '     the film includes a scene with cantona on all fours in just his pants .     the former manchester united midfielder says it is not a porn film .     cantona says of the film : ` it 's a piece of art ... it 's beautiful '     read : cantona whipped in film based around an orgy .     cantona : man utd will be in title race next season under louis van gaal .
britain is home to a grand array of wildlife , from birds of prey to dolphins .     you can glimpse the most magical of marine mammals at cardigan bay .     you can also glimpse the elusive red squirrel at formby in lancashire .
family seen riding through streets of san miguel de tucuman , argentina .     police tracing two adults and four children who were not wearing helmets .     family 's actions condemned on social media sites after picture put online .
fullips device was created by linda gomez and her daughter krystle .     works by creating a mini-vacuum while you suck on the apparatus .     charlotte griffiths puts the suction-thimble that is sold for # 30 to the test .
peggy was given to a paranormal investigator by her terrified former owner .     the doll is believed to be haunted and trigger migraines and chest pains .     peggy is said to have correctly predicted the death of one woman 's cat .     psychics speculate that she is ` jewish ' and possibly a holocaust victim .
april 19 marks 20 years since the oklahoma city bombing .     the bombing was carried out by domestic terrorists .     today 's domestic terror threats range from eco-terrorists to anti-government extremists .
rama the elephant , who completed paintings with his trunk , died monday , oregon zoo officials announced on facebook .     zoo officials said rama 's leg was hurt in 1990 , when older female elephants shoved him out of the herd and he went into a moat .     they said rama was euthanized after health problems from the leg injury .     elephant group free the oregon zoo elephants has claimed zoo officials should not have placed rama with the females at a young age .
west brom 2-3 leicester city : jamie vardy 's injury-time winner seals it .     vardy put in a 10-out-of-10 performance at the hawthorns on saturday .     the leicester striker is a hard worker and can rarely be faulted .
alistair brownlee beat javier gomez in a sprint finish in south africa .     he was tripped but recovered in his world triathlon series return .     olympic champion warned rivals he ` should only get fitter from here '     great britain 's vicky holland won the women 's race on saturday .
female jihadis shown firing ak 47 rifles and parading in the syrian countryside .     the group of women enthusiastically chant slogans about islam and jihad .     fully dressed in burqas , some of the women appear to struggle with their weapons .     the footage was filmed near the ancient pilgrim site of st simeon 's church , around 60km from the syrian city of aleppo .
faith myers , 14 , from nebraska , was filmed by her mother as she woke in bed still high from the procedure 's anesthesia .     footage shows her being quizzed about what she would like to eat , with the thought of a shake clearly filling her with dread .     ' i do n't want all the boys in my yard , ' she mumbles .     after sausages are also given a thumbs down , faith and her mother finally settle on jell-o .
dutch and canadian study looked at 100 men and women .     meals made the person they were with ` warmer ' and ` more ` likeable '     chewing raises the levels of ` feel-good ' chemical serotonin .
the friends were on their way to see les misérables on broadway when a conductor on the 6 train called for help .     the men , who are all police officers in their native sweden , wrestled the suspect to the floor and held him until nypd could arrive .     ` we 're no heroes , just tourists , ' says uppsala , sweden , police officer .
hong kong banker alleged murder case adjourned until may .     the 29-year-old rurik jutting is accused of killing two indonesian domestic workers .
sergio ramos was superb in midfield during win over atletico madrid .     ramos is filling in for injured luka modric in central role .     real madrid legend is primarily a centre-back , but can play elsewhere .     spain star started his career up front , and even fools around in goal .
confessed to dr. phil that she is struggling with alcohol in emotional interview .     spoke about her arrest on april 16 when she was taken into custody at the beverly hills hotel for a ` drunken incident '
naturalists in paradise tells the tale of an early trio of british explorers .     in 1961 the young oxford graduates set off to explore the iriri river .     alfred russel wallace , henry bates and richard spruce found a paradise .
the earthquake that struck nepal has left thousands of nepalis without shelter .     torrential rains making situation worse ; food and drinking water supplies could become a serious issue soon .     it 's unclear how bad conditions are closer to the epicenter .
two russian companies have started offering unusual service this year .     one message can cost as little as $ 6 , or # 4 , so it is a cost effective method .     american fastfood chain posted an ` advert ' to its russian page this month .     but critics have pointed out it is unlikely to have mass market appeal .
harry kane became the youngest premier league captain this season .     the tottenham striker skippered his side during 0-0 draw with burnley .     kane still believes tottenham can qualify for the champions league .
mauricio pochettino believes competing in the europa league makes things ` difficult ' for premier league clubs .     tottenham were knocked out of europa league by fiorentina in february .     pochettino 's side have struggled for results in recent weeks .     spurs face premier league clash against newcastle on sunday .
lisa mcelroy , 50 , who teaches legal writing at drexel university , reportedly sent the ` inappropriate ' message on march 31 .     when recipients clicked the enclosed link , they were allegedly directed to a video of ' a woman engaging in a sexually explicit act '     mcelroy appeared on the popular game show in 2010 with then-host meredith vieira but lost the game after reaching just $ 12,500 .     along with teaching law , mcelroy is also an accomplished author with a number of published biographies and children 's books .     has been placed on leave while school investigates .
drug company accused of trying to block trials aimed at promoting a ` cheap , safe and effective ' treatment for sight loss on the nhs .     it ` bullied ' experts who tried to prove drug can be used to treat blindness .     avastin is effective at tackling wet age-related macular degeneration .     cheaper than the current treatment it would save nhs # 102million a year .
ruth ben-ghiat : italy 's colonial past plays a key role in the migrant humanitarian disaster in the mediterranean .     she says african migrants still bound to histories of exploitation that shaped their home countries long after end of italian rule .
villagers in shangdong are seen using bags as long as six metres .     it is becoming a common behaviour in some villages since 2011 .     previous investigation suggested gas in the bag are often stolen .     gas carriers have little understanding of dangers claiming it to be safe .
gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in guatemala .     according to the united nations , two women are killed in guatemala every day .     five abuse survivors known as la poderosas have been appearing in a play based on their real life stories .
ryder cup-winning captain paul mcginley speaks highly of rory mcilroy .     world no 1 wants to be ` an iconic figure in world sport , ' said mcginley .     mcilroy 's not all about winning titles , he wants to propel the game forward .     mcilroy could be the sixth man to win the grand slam at augusta national .     he is the favourite for the masters , where his best finish there is eighth .     mcginley said mcilroy intimidates opponents , but not like tiger woods did .
christopher marinello has tracked down # 250million worth of stolen art .     he was central to recovery of # 1billion nazi-looted hoard found in attic .     detective set up sting to return nine artworks stolen from la mansion .     art theft is third highest-grossing criminal trade , behind guns and drugs .
bystanders stopped to rescue a lost brood of ducklings in d.c. tuesday .     cnn 's brian todd and khalil abdallah paused to capture the scene .
errol louis : new book to detail alleged conflicts of interest with foreign donors to clinton family charities .     he says without smoking gun , it 's likely not election deal-breaker for americans worried about issues like economy , jobs , schools .     louis : more notable is mismanagement , ethical history of clinton charities .
the freshman senator beefed up his campaign store ahead of his presidential announcement this morning .     rand fans will find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers - but they 'll also be able to sport their support with more unique items .     macbook skins and woven blankets feature paul , flip-flops and car mats bear the slogan ` stand with rand ' and there 's branded cornhole boards .     for $ 1,000 supporters can buy pocket constitutions signed by paul .     paul 's campaign store reflects the 52-year-old lawmaker 's efforts to appeal to a new generation of conservatives .
at least one person died as a result of storms in illinois , an official says .     fire department : rescuers searching for trapped victims in kirkland , illinois .
rosa camfield of gilbert , arizona became an internet celebrity just before her death on monday .     a picture of camfield and her newborn great-granddaughter kaylee was shared thousands of times when it was posted online last week .     daily mail online spoke with camfield 's family who detailed her amazing life story .
tony toutouni has amassed 750,000 followers on photo-sharing site in eight months thanks to outrageous posts .     la-based entrepreneur is endlessly surrounded by supercars , piles of cash and bikini-clad women in pictures .     he 's friends with controversial instagram playboy dan bilzerian and says ` it 's not hard to get any girl you want '
toby escaped out the back gate from his wendy stokes ' garden in kent .     he was picked up by a driver on a nearby road and taken to a rescue centre .     six months later he was re-homed with a couple in margate - 22 miles away .     toby had ` stokes ' written on his shell so the couple tried calling every stokes in kent before reuniting him with wendy 11 months after escape .
tryster won the coral easter classic at all weather finals in lingfield .     jockey william buick predicted bright future for the winter derby winner .     godolphin stable dominated the event with three winners in feature races .
v.k. singh is leading the operation to evacuate indians trapped in war-torn yemen .     the minister reportedly said the exercise was less exciting that visiting the pakistan high commission .     angry singh branded a section of the media ` presstitutes ' after they quoted him .     congress called his statement ` abusive ' and ` lamentable '
snack amnesiacs are mindless munchers who subconsciously snack .     situational snackers have busy schedules and are often stressed out .     super snackers plan ahead and nibble only when their body tells them to .
dax internet addiction treatment centre in beijing has welcomed 6,000 patients since it opened its doors in 2006 .     the military-style bootcamp claims to have cured 75 per cent of their addiction to electronic gadgets .     internet addiction or wangyin is said to affect 24 million of the china 's 632 million web users .
robin wright was married to actor sean penn for nearly 20 years .     after huge success in forest gump she forfeited fame to raise her children .     now 49 , she says she has ` no regrets ' following success of house of cards .
tracey says there are certain things that give away a heart-breaker .     she lists the six behavioural traits that will give him away .     tracey says that honesty and maturity are signs of a keeper .
almost 1 million pages of documents donated by bomber 's lead attorney .     they reveal mcveigh viewed himself as a ` paul revere-type messenger '     also thought his defense team should receive $ 800,000 from the government .     1995 attack killed 168 and was deadliest terrorist attack on us soil at time .     mcveigh was executed by lethal injection in 2001 at the age of 33 .     co-conspirator terry nichols convicted separately and got a life sentence .
ronnie o'sullivan is a five time world snooker champion .     the rocket revealed his mind wanders to his stomach during games .     the world no 2 claims he never gets nervous hunting a 147 break .     the 39-year-old was speaking in an interview with forever sports .
the account 's creators have made ` thousands ' of one-of-a-kind pieces for the iconic doll .     she actually travels to new york , paris , london , and miami to be photographed in beautiful outfits .     famous designers like moschino and rachel zoe have styled her .
hanghang was playing on the phone after waking up early for school .     he said the phone felt hot and then blew up in his hand .     it left his jawbone exposed and injuries to his hand , leg and knee .     experts blame battery as most likely cause of blast .
neymar : ` it will be a great game between two great teams with excellent players . that means it 'll be a real spectacle '     barcelona face psg in the french capital on april 15 .     barca saw off manchester city in the champions league previously .
everton and chelsea have perfect records with three wins each .     southampton , man city and man united are the only other unbeaten sides .     arsenal are still yet to win following an international break this season .     liverpool are similarly poor with one win and two defeats .     six clubs are yet to win after an international break , find out who here ...
new research finds direct link between exam stress and performance .     london headteacher michael ribton says revision plans , flashcards and cram techniques can all help children prepare for the exam season .     he advises parents that extra tuition and bribes should n't be necessary .
jacqueline martin has two themed houses using inspiration from her favourite childhood book .     the wonderland house and looking glass cottage are available to be booked for parties and hen dos .     unique details include a custom-made tea party table with quotes from the book , and teacups for seats .
art and photography community , boredpanda has created the thread .     babies are in costumes from comic books , sci-fi films , books , tv shows .     characters include princess leia , wonder woman , olaf from frozen .
jimmy anderson could move past ian botham 's record during first test .     anderson is just four wickets away from beating botham 's tally of 383 .     the lancashire fast bowler has always been a natural swing bowler .     lowest points of anderson 's career have come with too much tinkering .     peter moores deserves credit for allowing bowler to be himself for england .
bear was hunting along the brooks river katmai national park , in alaska .     might have gotten lucky after fish jumped almost directly into his mouth .     but the dozy creature allowed the salmon to slip through his claws .
sudan is the last hope for a species on the verge of being wiped out .     rangers in kenya risking their lives to keep the 43-year-old rhino safe .     but ivory is now fetching as much as # 47,000 per kilo as demand grows .     animal sanctuary ol pejeta trying to raise money to help pay for guards .
toni elliot , 53 , thought she had hurt a tooth when she sat for dinner at puckett 's boat house in franklin , tennessee , on thursday .     however , when she spat out the mouthful she was chewing she discovered a pearl in the palm of her hand .     forty-nine precious stones followed .     as naturally-occurring pearls are rare , it 's expected that elliot 's stash could fetch a princely sum .
mark doggett has trained his two dogs to sniff out the destructive fungus .     his border collie and english springer spaniel had six months training .     when they find dry rot they stop , stare at it and point with their nose .
lionel messi posted a picture of his son and wife on instagram .     message read : ` waiting for you baby . we love you . '     messi 's first son thiago was born in november 2012 .
ellie laing spoke out against claims of being hired for looks alone .     the australian claimed jim carroll only employed pretty , anglo-celtic girls .     the article claims sbs is having an ` attractive ' overhaul to boost ratings .     it 's believed karen middleton sbs political reporter 's departure comes after she did n't ` fit the bill '     laing said article did not take into account decade of working ` damn hard '     told daily mail australia that reaction to her letter has been supportive .
lewis hamilton features on front cover of the may issue of men 's health .     formula one champion opens up about the meaning behind his tattoos .     hamilton discusses faith and the physical demands of being an f1 driver .     hamilton : ferrari ? do n't be silly ... i am staying with mercedes .     click here for all the latest news from the world of formula one .
kevin pietersen has managed to outplay the ecb 's media personnel .     adam wheatley says mission sports management had no outside help .     andy flower 's job description is similar to new director of cricket role .     former glazer family spokesman tehsin nayani is releasing a book .     west indies ' shivnarine chanderpaul hoping to play with son tagenarine .
company developing a password that stays lodged in your stomach .     jonathan leblanc , the company 's top developer , said that the devices would be powered by stomach acid and include mini computers .     added that technology had become so advanced that it allowed ` true integration with the human body '
andrea catherwood stayed at the modern masterpiece hotel arts .     dined in the hotel 's two michelin-starred flagship restaurant , enoteca .     drank miraval rosé from brad pitt and angelina jolie 's estate in provence .     of all the stunning buildings , the one i 'm drawn to is gaudi 's casa batllo .     a great city to get lost in with some of the best sights not in tourist guides .
liam treadwell booked to ride monbeg dude in saturday 's grand national .     he won on venetia williams-trained 100-1 shot mon mome in 2009 .     monbeg dude is co-owned by rugby union star mike tindall .
prince harry pays his respects at the tomb of the unknown australian soldier .     he is starting a four-week attachment with the australian military .
clothing can include moratex pack which instantly hardens on impact .     has been shown to stop bullets in lab tests - yet wearer can move around .
philippe mexes own goal disallowed in controversial circumstances .     milan keeper diego lopez makes several good saves to keep scores level .     draw keeps both sides stuck in mid-table after disappointing seasons .     mauro icardi misses late chance to win the game for inter as game ends goalless .
jess knight , 20 , was surprised by ed sheeran at auckland hospital .     she had planned on being at his auckland concert at the weekend .     however , jess was diagnosed with leukemia two weeks after buying the tickets last october .     she launched a social media campaign to beg sheeran to visit her .     british singer spent 30 minutes with an ecstatic jess and her friends .
chef matt kemp and former footballer mark geyer have spoken out about their anger issues .     kemp said his ` uncontrollable rage ' cost him his marriage and his business .     once , the celebrity chef called his ex-wife a ` c *** ' on national television .     while geyer said he would get into a lot of fights after drinking alcohol .     the former nrl player said he turned it around after the birth of first child .
veteran kenny bayless has been named the third man in the ring for the highly anticipated bout between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao .     bayless has supervised countless high-profile fights in las vegas before now , including several of both mayweather 's and pacquiao 's .     he will celebrate his 65th birthday on may 4 , two days after the fight .
dennis sears edited his will to leave everything to carer nermin kancefer .     included three-bed riverside flat in surrey and # 400,000 in shares and cash .     family challenged the will but agreed a settlement due to high legal costs .     the carer exploited the ` vulnerable ' childless widower , his family claimed .
the flash pack co-owner lee thompson photographed incredible uses for scooters in southeast asia .     award-winning photojournalist thompson was with a 14-day tour of vietnam and cambodia in april .     woven baskets filled with chickens and pigs , and unique child seats seen on the scooters .
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather fight in las vegas on saturday .     the day of the bout is a national holiday in the philippines .     pacquiao ca n't be compared with other sports stars - there 's none like him .     he has tv shows , plays , coaches basketball and sings .     pacquiao is a twice-elected and popular congressman in his homeland .     saturday 's fight will be worth at least $ 300m .
japanese maglev train sets new speed record : 603 kilometers per hour .     the train is planned to begin service in 2027 .
a photographer has captured images of amazing caves near a volcano in the russian far east .     denis budkov , 35 , trekked inside the dangerous caves to capture the colourful scenes on show .     in the images pink , yellow and green ice can be seen on the roof of the cave .     the fantastic colours are the result of sunlight streaming through the glacial ice .
police seized rafi , 10 , and dvora , 6 , in a maryland park on sunday and their parents say they were n't reunited by cps for hours .     scientists danielle and alexander meitiv believe in ` free range parenting ' meaning the children are afforded total independence from infancy .     the meitivs were found guilty of neglect in march . after sunday 's incident they were forced sign a paper pledging not to leave them unattended .
tikrit is under the control of iraqi forces , iraqi prime minister says .     isis departs , leaving city strewn with booby traps , explosive-filled vehicles .     officials hope to avoid shia reprisals for isis slaughter of air force recruits .
according to scientists , perfume really can make us more attractive .     lavender has been shown to calm and soothe the mind .     citrus smells evoke images of health and cleanliness .
ted cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative on fiscal issues .     but he 's also eager to champion social issues at a time when many republicans are eager to avoid them .     cruz says the gop needs to unite young libertarian-minded voters and evangelicals .
jonathan brownlee won the second race of the itu season in auckland .     brownlee also prevailed in australia , seeing off mario mola by 19 seconds .     his brother alistair is expected back from injury in cape town on april 25 .
eden hazard put in a man-of-the-match performance for chelsea .     mesut ozil was in fine form for arsenal as they beat liverpool .     joey barton helped qpr to an emphatic 4-1 win over west brom .
ipswich denied three points as wolves fight back to draw 1-1 on saturday .     manager mick mccarthy hails qualities of ` horrible bunch ' of players .     richard stearman 's own goal had given ipswich an early lead at molineux .     but benik afobe equalised on 50 minutes with close-range volley .
kate winslet wears size nine shoes and her titanic co-star leonardo dicaprio found the size of her shoes hilarious .     scarlett johansson , gwyneth paltrow , sandra bullock , angelina jolie , and cate blanchett all have huge feet .     jerry hall , elle macpherson , katie holmes , and uma thurman also have feet bigger the average uk shoe size .
mls team orlando city the latest team to be linked with javier hernandez .     the manchester united striker has not impressed on loan at real madrid .     united have made andreas pereira an improved contract offer .
leader said she understands concerns about snp being part of coalition .     miss sturgeon also suggested pm had been ` not unhelpful ' to her party .     polls indicate snp is on the brink of a historic landside victory in election .
st louis was hit tuesday by flash floods .     a nearby town had more than two inches of rain in less than half an hour .
terrifying footage was filmed from 91st floor of a shanghai skyscraper .     repeated heavy bangs can be heard and cracked two panes of glass .     cleaners trapped in the platform suffered minor injuries in the incident .
andy murray and kim sears will tie the knot on saturday april 11 .     wedding reception will be held at tennis star 's hotel cromlix in kinbuck .     biggest star likely to attend is one-time british tennis star tim henman .
paula creamer won the 2010 women 's us open .     creamer suggested a women 's event could be staged the week following the men 's showpiece in april .     jordan spieth stormed to his first masters title earlier this month .
alfred hitchcock was born in 1899 in leytonstone , east london .     he later became ` one of the most distinguished directors in the world .     but his insecurities began to seep into his cinematography .     actress tippi hedren once said ` he was almost obsessed with me '
bbc foreign correspondent malcolm brabant had a yellow fever vaccine .     24 hours later he had been reduced to a sweating , shivering wreck .     had a fever for two weeks then psychosis : ' i went completely bonkers '     spent two years in and out of mental institutions , unable to work .     even attempted suicide , but has fortunately made a full recovery .
victor prout created a makeshift dark room on board a boat he used to travel along stretch of the river thames .     prout captured images of iconic landmarks in the 1850s , such as the houses of parliament and windsor castle .     images are oldest surviving documented record along the river and are remarkably similar to those of today .     collection , contained in the book of the thames , is to be sold for almost # 30,000 at the oxford book fair .
kevin carr set off on his epic journey from haytor , dartmoor in july 2013 .     he is now less than 24 hours away from completing his epic trip .     mr carr ran around the world unsupported - taking his own tent with him .     he is set to break the previous record held by an australian by 24 hours .
jurors begun deliberations in aaron hernandez 's murder trial on tuesday afternoon after the prosecution and defense made their closing arguments .     the former new england patriots football player is accused of killing semi-pro player odin lloyd , who was dating his fiancee 's sister , in june 2013 .     his defense said on tuesday that he witnessed his friends , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , kill lloyd but did not commit the shooting himself .     his lawyers said the prosecution has not proven he pulled the trigger .     hernandez faces life in prison if convicted of the murder .
jennifer mcgirr , 61 , said windows to tower view hotel in blackpool were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls .     believes it was due to remarks she made on channel 4 's ` four in a bed '     cctv footage shows a man checking he is not being watched before hurling a brick through the window of the budget hotel .
sabrina rubin erdely wrote ' a rape on campus ' which was published in rolling stone in november .     the story focuses on a university of virginia student named jackie who claims to have been gang raped by seven men two years ago .     soon after it was published , jackie 's story came under questioning and rolling stone was forced to issue an apology .     the columbia journalism school has been conducting an independent review of what went wrong in erdely 's reporting .     they will publish their findings sunday night at 8pm .     sources tell cnn that erdely will issue an apologetic statement after the review is published .
government jet carrying president tomislav nikolic went into a dive .     incident , which occurred last friday , initially blamed on ` engine failure '     serbia 's civil aviation directorate found cause was actually a coffee spill .
sandra garratt died on good friday after more than a year spent in agony .     the 56-year-old underwent two operations on her back for a slipped disc .     but her pain was so severe afterwards not even morphine could relieve it .     days before her death doctors said there was nothing more they could do .     mrs garratt 's grieving husband said the news had been ` the final straw '     hours before her death , she told him she was ` just popping out ' for awhile .     for confidential support call the samaritans in the uk on 08457 90 90 90 , visit a local samaritans branch or click here .
natalie whitear , 35 , suffers from prosopagnosia : facial blindness .     rare condition means she is unable to recognise faces , even her own .     she confuses her daughters and walks past lifelong friends in the street .     has developed coping strategies like recognising people 's hairstyle or walk .
juan arango has apologised for his bite on monterrey 's jesus zavala .     arango had earlier scored a free kick in his team 's 4-3 defeat .     the 34-year-old venezuela captain has admitted he was in the wrong .     he was not punished in the game but could face retrospective disciplinary action from the mexican league authorities .
ap mccoy retires on saturday after riding at sandown .     mccoy has been champion jockey every year he 's been a professional .     he 's won two cheltenham gold cups and the grand national .     mccoy was the first man to ride 4,000 winners .
rangers were beaten by queen of the south in the scottish championship .     derek lyle opened the scoring for the hosts following a first-half corner .     lee wallace own goal doubled the doonhammers ' lead after the break .     gavin reilly completed the upset that dents gers ' hopes of second place .
the markets in rio de janeiro 's slums - known as ` crackland ' attract people from all walks of life looking to get high .     from pregnant young mothers to hopeless old addicts users come day and night to smoke crack in plain sight .     brazil , according to recent studies , is the world 's top consumer of crack cocaine with estimated 1 million users .
psg host barcelona in the first leg of their champions league quarter-final .     paris saint-germain are without the suspended zlatan ibrahimovic .     in his absence , edinson cavani must raise his game as the main attacker .     the uruguayan is being courted by louis van gaal at manchester united .     cavani will come up against luis suarez who was born in the same town .
bone from more than one human dates to the late mesolithic in 5,600 bc .     it was recovered from a pit with charcoal remains , in landford , essex .     evidence suggests ancient people respected and cremated their dead .     it was previously thought that nomadic people simply abandoned them .
coleen rooney and nadine coyle have signed up to race for life .     stars also posed for cancer research 's new campaign for the event series .
71 % of voters say they do n't need to know about families of politicians .     only a quarter feel it is important to know about leaders ' domestic lives .     ed miliband , david cameron and nick clegg have all invited the tv cameras into their homes and given their wives prominent campaign roles .
nasa scientists in california have revealed a distant image of curiosity taken by the mars reconnaissance orbiter .     it was taken from an altitude of 187 miles -lrb- 300km -rrb- up , revealing where the rover is heading towards .     one interesting aspect is that the rover 's tracks can not be seen behind it in the image .     this may be due to martian weather or that they are the same colour as the surrounding surface .
migrant women hope to reach europe so their babies will be born there .     hundreds of arrested migrants are detained in libya while officials try to figure out what to do .     a funeral is held outside a valletta , malta , hospital for migrants killed in ship 's sinking .
the critters were filmed in action after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen .     the zoo put on a range of final four activities over the weekend for visitors including a basketball-theme scavenger hunt .     march madness is set to come to a close tonight as the wisconsin badgers and duke blue devils go head-to-head at the lucas oil stadium .
viviana keith , 27 , reported to be drunk at a nail salon in red rock , texas .     officer ben johnson arrived and found keith walking to her car .     he noticed she was drunk and moved to arrest her , claiming she resisted .     video shows him slamming her to the concrete of the car park .     she was knocked out and suffered a black eye .     charged with dwi with a child younger than 15 and interfering with pubic duties .     incident being investigated but johnson remains on the job .
mitchelle blair , 35 , is charged with with felony murder , premeditated murder and torture .     in court she shouted : ` he 's never given a -lrb- expletive -rrb- about my daughter , ' about the father of two of her children '     accused of killing stoni blair , 13 and stephen , eight , at home in michigan .     blair 's two surviving children have been placed into a relative 's care .     state officials are seeking to terminate blair 's parental rights to her two children , as well as the parental rights of her children 's fathers .
picture shows elisha wilson beach nursing her child while on the toilet .     the photo has gone viral with more than 211,000 likes on facebook .     but many have criticized the mom of two for her bathroom breastfeeding .     la-based wilson beach says ` motherhood ai n't pretty '
alan hutton , scott sinclair and ashley westwood ruled out for aston villa .     philippe senderos & kieran richardson among doubts for tim sherwood .     yun suk-young and eduardo vargas absent for queens park rangers .     richard dunne , leroy fer and alejandro faurlin also missing for qpr .     two sides clash at loftus road on tuesday at 7.45 pm .
jay parini : bernie sanders , who is running for president , is a liberal long shot , but he 's also a populist truth-teller who speaks without fear .     he says the vermont senator could help move hillary clinton to left on progressive issues .
geoff haigh , 61 , wanted to marry partner heather after cancer diagnosis .     couple married at manchester register office but day was full of blunders .     guests forced to listen to wedding song 10 times in a row and venue dirty .     marriage certificate had spelling errors and wrong date and names .
video by extra storage space has been viewed almost 600,000 times .     features mothers and fathers offering up advice to first-time parents .     list of tips includes ` do what works for you ' and ` get on a schedule '
unnamed girl was targeted by threatening posts on social network .     was taken home from lone hills middle school in san dimas , california .     investigators believe fellow students are posting the threats .     in one message a user threatens to bring a knife to school and stab the girl .
two people are taken into custody , but the protests -- on the whole -- are peaceful .     baltimore police commissioner sits down with the gray family .
the clip was uploaded by youtube user honda4ridered .     in another upload the skilled billiards player shows viewers how to pocket four balls in a single shot - and for those who miss it there 's a slow motion version .
the daredevil , 52 , ` was speeding in an suv when he rear-ended a car and set off a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles on tuesday '     he fled but police caught up with him and ` noticed he smelled of alcohol '     the crash took place in butte , montana - the town his daredevil father evel knievel helped make famous .
the winner comes from mittagong in southern new south wales .     he and his wife had been ` struggling ` with ` bad times ' before the win .     two entries won the first division share of the $ 40 million jackpot draw .
rose put himself in contention , ending the second day on seven under .     it took a neat bit of psychology to rescue his round after a disastrous start .     rose bogeyed three of the first four , finding himself playing from the trees .     and that was where the magic pencil line came to his rescue .
`` we all share the same pain , '' valerie braham tells memorial day crowd in israel .     her husband , philippe braham , was among 17 killed in january 's terror attacks in paris .     french authorities foil a new terror plot -- a painful reminder of widow 's recent loss .
peter tarsey and his wife , jean , both 77 , each killed with single bullet .     friends went to their villa after being unable to reach them on phone .     they found them in each other 's arms ` like he was protecting his wife '     british expat friend : ` it was like something out of your worst nightmare '
grigor dimitrov plays gael monfils in monte carlo masters quarter-final .     world no 9 stan wawrinka looked listless and disinterested in the defeat .     defending champion did n't get on the board until the match 's fifth game .
the internet is raging about a cat going #upordown .     the debate is fueled by an optical illusion photo .     the story brings to mind the furor over #thedress .
dentist dr sameer patel highlights the dental dangers of your desk diet .     some breakfast cereals contain up to three teaspoons of sugar , he warns .     swap your daily tea or coffee for green tea to prevent tooth staining .     steer clear of white bread , popcorn and watch out for ` healthy ' smoothies .
marouane chamakh , fraizer campbell and jordon mutch ruled out .     suspended crystal palace skipper mile jedinak joins them on the sidelines .     yaya toure back from an achilles injury for manchester city .     james milner expected to be available for champions despite knee trouble .
leicester have recorded three consecutive premier league wins .     the latest , a 2-0 success over swansea , lifted them to 17th in the table .     nigel pearson 's side are starting to dream of beating relegation .     esteban cambiasso has been superb for the foxes this season .     goalkeeper kasper schmeichel has also hit some timely form .
samia ghadie and boyfriend sylvain longchambon spent four days in nyc .     while there the dancing on ice stars stayed at the jw marriott essex house .     their suite on the 31st floor offered up panoramic views of central park .     the couple enjoyed a three-hour bateaux new york cruise on the hudson .     the confirm burger joint in le parker meridien hotel lives up to the hype .
gary player considers tiger woods grand slam at 24 as best golfing feat .     south african will attend his 58th masters this week at augusta national .     player is excited at the prospect of rory mcilroy joining exclusive club .     mcilroy could become only the sixth player to win all four majors .
jonah willow played russian alexander cherniaev at a chess congress .     home-schooled 12-year-old drew the grandmaster in their two-hour game .     youngster began playing chess aged five and has represented england .
senior australian islamic state commander stars in new propaganda clip .     calls for attacks on australia as revenge for muslim strikes .     ` you must start attacking before they attack you '     propagandist al-cambodi has been linked to anzac day terror plot .     ` when are you going to rise up and attack them ? '
in a few years , the military will be unable to recruit enough qualified soldiers because of america 's obesity problem .     carol costello : we have a serious national security issue at hand , but it 's within our control if we could own up to it .
christy mack , 23 , claims ex-boyfriend jonathan paul koppenhaver , 33 , beat and raped her until she almost died at her home on august 8 , 2014 .     she had been asleep next to a male friend when he ` burst in with a knife '     koppenhaver , who goes by the name war machine , claims to be innocent .     mack has opened up about her recovery , now needs glasses and a wig .     the case against koppenhaver , who faces 26 charges , resumes this fall .
veteran time magazine film critic richard corliss died thursday night in new york city .     corliss reviewed more than 1,000 movies and authored four books on film .
medical experts reveal analysis of scenes likely to kill movie characters .     in real life , james bond would have died before skyfall 's opening credits .     home alone character kevin should have died from serious head injuries .     and it is ` laughable ' halloween villain michael myers survived stabbing .     the new issue of total film is out tomorrow .
martha pease : hillary clinton got her presidential bid launched by reframing who she is , what she 's about .     she says clinton took a low-key , unconventional approach , unlike marco rubio 's standard announcement .
`` grey 's anatomy '' is in its 11th season .     derek shepherd , played by patrick dempsey , died after a car crash .
the 34-year-old convicted murderer posed for a new mugshot this week after she was sentenced to life in prison for killing her ex-boyfriend .     in her first mugshot , taken after her arrest in 2008 , arias smiled and later said she did so on purpose because she knew it would be widely published .     arias plans to appeal her conviction .
bhutan measures its success with a gross national happiness index instead of using gdp .     the buddhist country is a land of myths and magic , where tigers fly and witches reside in ancient forests .     houses are decorated with dragons , animals and phallic symbols to guard against malicious thoughts .     buddhist monuments , known as stupas , are erected near rivers to defy the evil spirits that lurk beneath the water .     massive dzongs , medieval monastic fortresses , tower over the valleys decorated with prayer flags .
brightly-dressed churchgoers were on display sunday afternoon in new york city .     hats ruled the day - featuring huge eggs , butterflies , bubbles , bill de blasio and a sailing ship .     even pets got in on the action , with a contingent of dressed-up dogs making an appearance .
martyn uzzell died instantly when a 4in pothole threw him into path of a car .     cyclist was riding from land 's end to john o'groats for charity in 2011 .     his widow kate has now been awarded a six-figure payout from the council .     but north yorkshire county council still refuses to apologise despite coroner ruling the state of the road was to blame .
chelsea are 10 points clear at the top of the barclay 's premier league table .     they face second-placed arsenal on sunday , and can open up a huge gap .     oscar believes that winning the title can push chelsea to further success .     he admits that an in-form arsenal will pose a tough test for chelsea .     watch : chelsea fans storm emirates stadium to play practical joke .
corrina skorpenske , from pittsburgh , pennsylvania , took to facebook to publicly shame the person who left a cruel note on her daughter 's car .     the anonymous critic accused ohio state university student harley jo of taking away a handicap spot from ` actual disabled people '
frida ghitis : isis and other jihadi groups see women as crucial in role of caliphate they want to create .     she says the groups want to enslave women , tie them to a long outdated view of how society should work .
lobster pound and moore in nova scotia had announced ban on loud kids .     parents criticized decision and began giving the restaurant 1-star reviews .     owner changed policy after ` hate and threats ' against him and his family .     restaurateur said he should have said ` lil diners having a moment ' and not used the word ` screaming ' in heartfelt apology .
the scantily-clad strippers danced around the casket at mr jian 's funeral .     dancers were booked by deceased 's wife as a final gift to her husband .     tradition for exotic dancers at funerals began is linked to taiwanese mafia .
russian artist marina yamkovskaia , 39 , specializes in creating life-like bird dolls and says she ca n't keep up with orders .     to make her dolls she often uses real furs , such as mink and fox , which she removes from old hats , collars or coats .
sierra sharry was eight months pregnant when her son 's father died .     a photographer was able to add lane smith to the family photo .
right sagittal stratum of brain is key to recognising sarcastic comments .     neuroscientists at john hopkins medical school scanned the brains of 24 stroke patients and tested their ability to detect sarcasm in 40 sentences .     the sagittal stratum is a bundle of white matter below the cerebral cortex .     the findings may help treat stroke patients who struggle to detect sarcasm .
italian musician andrea furlan was filmed playing in milton keynes .     he holds a hand-made ` butterfly landscape ' designed didgeridoo .     as he plays a tune some of the cows lift their heads and take note .     suddenly the whole herd are compelled to run towards the sound .     they stand rooted to the spot for the duration of the composition .     andrea described moment as ` an amazing and humbling experience '
a mom of two got upset when `` big hero 6 '' fabric did n't include the two female characters .     another mom called attention to gender stereotypes on a toms web page .     in both cases , the companies responded quickly to answer parents ' concerns .
danielle and adam busby welcomed five girls into the world last week .     she has only held two but described the feeling as ` amazing '     born at houston 's woman 's hospital of texas the babies are healthy .     they are the first set of all-girl quintuplets born in the us and the first globally since 1969 .     team of 12 doctors helped to deliver the babies by c-section .     delivery was at 28 weeks and took the team less than four minutes .
latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , saskatchewan , was found murdered in her home early wednesday .     her two daughters , janyaa , 4 , and jenika , 8 , and her son landen , 7 , were also discovered dead .     hours later police found the suspect dead at his residence , along with a six-month-old baby who was unharmed .     police are not releasing much information at this time , but did reveal the suspect and victims knew one another .
the ex-partner of disgraced queensland mp billy gordon has opened up .     kristy peckham has spoken out about the years of abuse she endured .     he imprisoned her in her own home for three months in dubbo , nsw .     after mr gordon 's dark past was revealed he resigned from the labor party .     he refused to retire from parliament and vowed to take care of his family .     until now , the mother of his two children has been in hiding .     the violence escalated after their second child .     mr gordon has refused to comment on the allegations .
21-year-old student jackson gordon has designed and built a functional batsuit .     made with money raised on kickstarter , the outfit has received a prestigious endorsement .
bette carrouze , 78 , a mother-of-two from brighton , loves a good party .     says other pensioners are boring because they moan about sore knees .     regularly goes clubbing in gay bars and returns in the small hours .     admits that taking the bus after a night out can be a bit embarrassing .     bette carrouze appears on oaps behaving badly , tonight on channel 5 at 9pm .
narrow two-bedroom home in islington , north london has sold for # 750,000 despite measuring 5ft wide in places .     the estate agency describes the property as ` well proportioned ' and includes a reception room , shower and kitchen .     it was put on the market for # 750,000 , almost double what it sold for in 2001 when it was previously put up for sale .
jay parini : when religious identity , ethics , tolerance are roiling the culture , it 's worth looking at message of holy week and easter .     he says ritual enactment of these three days is reminder that again and again the human condition moves through darkness into light .
geoff whitington , 63 , had diabetes and was on the verge of losing a leg .     his sons anthony and ian helped the father-of-four shed six stone .     he now loves to cycle , never eats take-aways and chooses healthy options .     doctors mr whitington is no longer diabetic -- and he is off medication .
sunderland earn 1-0 tyne-wear derby victory against newcastle at the stadium of light .     jermain defoe gives black cats the lead with stunning left-footed volley before half-time .     former tottenham striker scores his third sunderland goal in hard-fought win for the home side .     sunderland boss dick advocaat earns his first tyne-wear derby victory .     black cats are unbeaten in their last seven barclays premier league games against newcastle united .
gwyneth paltrow 's figure is more impressive than ever .     she joins a whole host of stars in their forties who look super toned .     gwen stefani , heidi klum and naomi campbell have figures of 25 year olds .
a new reddit thread asked disabled people to submit their pet peeves .     many said being labelled ` brave ' or ` inspirational ' is just patronising .     others hate it when people take charge of their wheelchairs .
david wihby , 61 , has been new hampshire senator kelly ayotte 's state director for the last year .     he was arrested on friday on a misdemeanor charge for solicitation of prostitution and stepped down from his government role on saturday .     he was one of ten men arrested in the last week by nashua , new hampshire , police in prostitution sting .     ayotte said in a statement that she was ` shocked and deeply saddened ' by wihby 's arrest .
country band lady antebellum 's bus caught fire thursday on a texas freeway .     a cnn ireporter captured the dramatic scene on video .     singer hillary scott shared a pic of the charred bus on instagram .
oskar groening is being tried on 300,000 counts of accessory to murder .     the former ss officer described how jews were marched to gas chambers .     one survivor , eva kor , told of her agony as her mother was ripped from her .
the tiny garden gnome is signed by all four members of the iconic band .     it appeared with celebrities and world figures on 1967 sgt pepper 's artwork .     it was given to an assistant photographer following the shoot for the cover .     the cardboard garden ornament sold at auction for a surprising # 29,000 .
marianne power decided to live by a different self-help guru each month .     marianne attended robbins ' unleash the power within seminar .     robbins has counselled bill clinton , nelson mandela and more .
justice department prosecuting fedex over unauthorized shipment of drugs .     danny cevallos : fedex has a strong argument that it should n't be held responsible .
women have been writing love letters to ivan milat for years , book reveals .     ` why they write to me is a puzzle , ' milat says .     some letters are from a woman he was acquitted of raping at knife-point .     milat brutally murdered seven backpackers between 1989 and 1992 .     he is serving seven consecutive life sentences at goulburn supermax jail .     he writes up to twice a week to his eldest nephew , alistair shipsey .     shipsey has used 94 of milat 's letters in a new book about the killer .
university of south carolina student elizabeth scarborough performs as a taylor swift tribute artist .     the 21-year-old has been impersonating the star since she was 15 .     her first gigs were at children 's birthday parties , for which she earned $ 30 .
frances bean cobain , daughter of the late kurt cobain , spoke to rolling stone about a new film on the nirvana frontman .     22-year-old cobain is an executive producer of the documentary `` montage of heck ''     she describes growing up with the legacy of her father looming large .
actress jane horrocks drives her teenagers dylan and molly down route 1 .     the travel from san francisco to the city of angels in three weeks .     ` take your foot off the gas , relax and take it all in ' says jane .
caesar went missing at the weekend from his owner 's home in ispheming .     brandy savelle and tony gervasi followed his tracks and found blood .     after news spread in the area , a dnr officer came to their home .     he explained caesar came running at him and he shot him dead .     he believed caesar was wild and a threat , he said .     shooting occurred on state land so the officer was within his rights .
abdul hadi arwani was found dead in wembley on wednesday morning .     the 48-year-old imam had been replaced at the an-noor mosque in acton .     his replacement was 53-year-old hassan anyabwile from the caribbean .     anyabwile involved in attempted coup in 1990 , parliamentary report found .     belonged to a local radical islamic group called jamaat al muslimeen .     he moved to the uk after being given amnesty in exchange for surrender .     he denied any dispute between the west london mosque and mr arwani .     the mosque has refused to answer questions over mr arwani 's time there .     counter terrorism police are now leading the investigation into his death .
a big pitfall on dinner dates is a struggle to find topics to discuss .     tumblr blog called conversation sparks lists funny facts to avoid silence .     they include ` tall men marry earlier but short men stay married longer '
over 700 guests attended the london in los angeles event on thursday .     a-listers toasted bailey 's new beverley hills flagship .     bailey was made ceo at age of 42 in 2013 and has boosted brand hugely .     has tapped biggest supermodels and musicians for campaigns and shows .
post on mortein 's facebook page linked to stephanie scott 's murder .     picture of the brand 's mascot accompanied with #putyourdressout .     slammed as a ` tasteless decision ' by some social media users .     ms scott was brutally murdered just days before her wedding .
noreen spendlove was 68 when she developed pain in her left side .     gp referred noreen for a mammogram which revealed three tumours .     mps warn that women will die as a result of the screening age limit .     ` extending the age for routine mammograms would mean more lives saved '
alastair cook has been part of three of the six ten-century partnerships .     day three 's effort with trott is england 's first since march 2013 .     then it was cook with nick compton against new zealand in dunedin .     west indies bowler shannon gabriel hit 94.3 mph on thursday .
alan davey controversially laid bare the difficulties of the station 's top job .     was asked about changes to classical music knowledge over 30 years .     said ` modern audience might not be getting same education ... in school '
bournemouth are now second in the championship following their draw .     eddie howe hits out at referee after his side give up lead in stoppage time .     kieran lee fired wednesday into the lead with a 36th minute header .     yann kermorgant equalised with 21 minutes remaining .     matt ritchie looked to have sealed the win for the cherries late on .     but chris maguire had the final say with his last-ditch penalty strike .
list is dominated by european nations - particularly those in scandinavia .     switzerland is now the happiest nation , with iceland the most rapid riser .     reasons range from strong gdp to beautiful scenery and a vibrant culture .     uk ranks at a lowly 21 , although brits are happier now than back in 2012 .     world 's least happy nations are unsurprisingly places ravaged by war and extreme poverty , such as syria , burundi and togo .
milton vieira severiano was filmed killing his wife , cicera alves de sen .     the savage act took place in the garden of their rio de janeiro house .     he later confessed the crime to police who found guns in his getaway car .
the two males arrested are 21 and 15 years old , st. louis police say in a tweet .     a video that went viral showed three black males attacking a white man .
tom colicchio : `` the meatrix : relaunched '' is an important benchmark of the evolution of sustainable food movement .     but factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat , polluting nature and damaging our health .     colicchio : we need to ask members of congress to promote sustainable farming .
zach yonzon runs the bunny baker cafe with his wife in manila .     artist uses a spoon and a barbecue skewer dipped in chocolate .     creates incredibly detailed portraits at the request of customers .     service started out as novelty when owner began etching rabbits .     artistic barista hopes to one day be able to create 3d caricatures .
glynis barber is known as beautiful half of itv 's 1980s detective duo .     the actress turns 60 in a few months but looks barely a day over 40 .     under the tutelage of a nutritional therapist , glynis has changed what and how she eats and transformed her health and figure .     now , she has just two large meals a day , no wholegrains and she has stopped sipping water in the day .
ed miliband has history of appearing awkwardly in front of the camera .     twitter account aims to reinvent labour leader as a symbol of cool .     miliband 's face edited on to famous men 's bodies such as daniel craig .
ford vox : when celeb doc mehmet oz slammed by doctors for ` quack ' medicine , he hit back , but their complaint has some basis .     he says oz scorned by some in medical community , at senate hearing ; comics joke about him . he serves himself at cost to his hospital .
jiaojiao , 5 , fell 150ft when her mother , zheng jiayu , left her at home alone .     when she returned , zheng saw daughter 's lifeless body below the window .     jiaojiao suffered multiple broken bones and internal bleeding but survived .     family is now facing a huge # 100,000 hospital bill they are unable to pay .
fitness fan jennifer is famous for her curves , but her arms are also toned .     the mother-of-two has completed triathlons . she avoids sugar and salt .     try modified push-ups which activate the entire upper body .
england start their three test series against west indies next monday .     stuart broad is backing captain alastair cook to score big runs in series .     bowler admits he is sorry to see paul downton leave role in ecb .
michael carrick changed the game for england against italy in turin .     the midfielder has been unappreciated and ignored for many years .     carrick has made just one appearance for england at a tournament .     england should build their midfield around him for euro 2016 .
tattooed apple watch users reporting problems with its heart rate sensor .     sensor takes readings by measuring light absorption though the skin .     dark , solid tattoos seem to confuse the new device the most .     apple has yet to comment on the problem , despite people taking to twitter .
james ward-prowse scored the winner for england u21s against germany .     southampton youngster practices free kicks like david beckham and his childhood idol steven gerrard .     saints boss ronald koeman has been giving him tips on dead balls .
new shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people .     will reach altitudes about 62 miles -lrb- 100 km -rrb- above earth .     firm expected to sell tourist tickets for its spacecraft .
30-stone woman 's ` perfect belly ' attracted men from around the world .     gayla neufeld always struggled with her size , weighing 13 stone aged eight .     the 52-year-old now embraces her belly and works as a webcam model .     texan gayla met her husband lance , from canada , on a fat-fetish forum .
noeleen foster snapped an image of a phallic cloud at work last friday .     the mother-of-four took the pic in zuccolli , 25km southeast of darwin .     last year another suggestively shaped cloud made waves in england .
paul and laura elliott met half way round at st katharine docks .     ceremony was witnessed by 80 guests .     pair ran across finish line under a shower of confetti .     returned to scene of ceremony for party later on .     raised # 7,000 for cancer research in honour of paul 's father .
sam allardyce had his chance with west ham but has failed to take it .     allardyce 's reputation is that of a man who guarantees top-flight survival .     yet west ham have been playing relegation football since christmas .     they must go to the olympic stadium with more than survival as the aim .     napoli manager rafael benitez could be persuaded back to english football .
judy has undergone a makeover - but could be outshone by kim 's mother .     stylish leonore sears , 53 , has long been admired on the tennis circuit .     the south african bears a strong resemblance to soon-to-be wed daughter .     dunblane now waiting for what is being dubbed scotland 's royal wedding .
yan tai weighed just over seven stone when she began dating you pan .     but two years on and she has ballooned to almost double her weight .     you splashed out on meals everyday in a plan to keep her by his side .     he has now proposed to yan and promised to keep on feeding her .
jimi manuwa plans to finish opponent jan blachowicz inside two rounds .     the londoner says his ` aggression and killer instinct ' will see him through .     manuwa wants to get back to winning after losing to alexander gustafsson .
nutricentre 's nutritional therapist lorna driver-davies explains benefits .     companies are harvesting , filtering , bottling and selling rainwater .     nutrient-rich birch water has diuretic properties and good health benefits .
jessica bialek found ` safe and well ' after vanishing 36 hours earlier .     ms bialek was last seen leaving her home at 8.30 am on wednesday .     she was walking to the bank in coogee , south-eastern sydney .     ms bialek 's husband pleaded for help in finding his wife .     on thursday her father also made a plea for her to contact family .     the mother-of-one is an accomplished arts photographer .     she returned home on thursday evening to her husband and daughter .
michelle o'clee said bigamist husband 's lies could be from grisham thriller .     she turned to friend myleene klass after discovering tangled web of deceit .     andrew o'clee said he was forced to live in ` safe house ' to live double life .     bigamist even gave an identical platinum ring to second wife philippa , 30 .
ed miliband refused to accept he had been proved wrong in bbc interview .     reject string of proposals read out to him by evan davis on newsnight .     mr davis told labour leader situation had improved in jobs , crime and fees .     mr miliband also refused to say how much labour would be borrowing .
ed miliband was mobbed by a screaming hen party yesterday in chester .     he allowed bride on board his campaign bus so she could have a ` selfie '     bride nicola braithwaite was met with whoops and cheers from 25 hens .     labour leader high-fived a few of the women before they had group ` selfie '     if you were on this hen party , please email jenny.awford@dailymail.co.uk or call 02036154835 .
for non-americans the white house it is a respected power symbol .     a journalist assigned to cover the obama white house became intrigued .     she interviewed staff to get an insight into the inner workings of the house .
putin to spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television .     sanctions and russia 's deep economic crisis likely to be a major theme .     critics of the kremlin slam event as russia 's imitation of democracy in action .
inspired by the aesthetic of the belle epoque era , the jacques garcia designed hotel is both opulent and edgy .     a mix of arabian and napoleon iii decor , the pigalle haunt harkens back to the city 's pleasure houses of yesteryear .     also available for guest use : a charming conservatory , library bar and celestial spa available for private rental .
jamie carragher : tim krul was wrong to congratulate jermain defoe .     that argument from sportsmail 's columnist has divided opinion this week .     carragher still can not work out why the newcastle keeper did what he did .
historian eric cline at george washington university says a series of disasters between 1225bc and 1177bc led to downfall of ancient societies .     he argues that as they all relied on each other for trade the collapse of one society created a domino effect that resulted in the start of the dark ages .     he makes the claims in his book 1177bc the year civilisation collapsed .
going online has become the path of least resistance if you want to make yourself heard .     but where there is the restrictive rule of law , journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom .     from china to malaysia , journalists and bloggers have been jailed -- even killed .
french photographer floriane de lassee visited cities around the world to capture these intimate photographs .     she uses small subjects to contrast their being against the vast cityscapes behind them .     she found her inspiration while studying at the international center of photography in new york ten years ago and lived across the street from a police station 's recreation room .     photos are set in london , new york , moscow , paris , istanbul , shanghai , tokyo and more .
a six-month-old kitten was found lying on the floor in sydney last month .     it sustained a broken jaw , broken leg , broken hard palate and bruised lungs .     the owner surrendered it to the vet as he could not afford the medical bills .     small vet clinic raised funds to help pay for the kitten 's treatments .     it is now on the road to recovery and will be ready for a new home in six weeks .
espn sports reporter britt mchenry suspended for one week from network .     she berated an advanced towing employee after her car was towed from a chinese restaurant in arlington , virginia , on april 6 .     insulted the woman 's looks , education and job .     ` lose some weight , baby girl , ' mchenry said as she walked away .     mchenry apologized thursday after security footage surface online .     said it was ` an intense and stressful ' situation .
angelique kerber beat madison keys 6-2 , 4-6 , 7-5 in the charleston final .     kerber battled back to win six of the last seven games in the decider .     it is the german 's first wta title since linz in 2013 .
stana , 37 , has been on the hit series castle for nearly six years .     she wed over the weekend in the dalmatian coast in croatia .     the new husband and wife shared a photo of their wedding rings .     she has been dating brkljac for several years but was only spotted with him once in 2012 .
travis hatfield , 21 , from west virginia performed with his 47-year-old uncle .     their video went viral with more than 410,000 views .     the singer says he is how receiving offers from record labels .
saracens skipper brad barritt will line up opposite wesley fofana .     flanker julien bonnaire will be tasked with stopping billy vunipola .     charlie hodgson is enjoying a rich vein of form at present .     clermont will fear jacques burger after his performance last year .     the top 14 side have the best supporters in french rugby .
lewis ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual on thursday .     favourite merrion square threw jockey in a freak fall on wednesday .     his spectacular double somersault fall made him internet sensation .
ocean economic powerhouse valued at $ 24 trillion : wwf report .     marco lambertini : ocean plays direct role in livelihoods across globe .
flat in trendy area of peckham , south-east london , up for rent with a leak .     gumtree advert informs people looking at double room that ` ceiling drips '     as a result the room in otherwise modern flat is available for just # 400 pcm .     over the last year and a half peckham has witnessed a boom in rent prices .
school friends and prince william 's family will play crucial supporting role .     emilia jardine-paterson and alicia fox-pitt have known her for years .     carole will be a hands-on grandmother and pippa will be by her side .
photos obtained by daily mail online show surgeon to the stars dr brandt , who hanged himself in miami on sunday , the year he graduated from his new jersey high school .     they are in sharp contrast to the razor sharp cheek bones , sunken eyes and platinum blond hair of the well-known dermatologist .     dr. brandt was mercilessly lampooned in tina fey 's netflix show .     he was a ` jewish kid from newark ' who was described as ` scholarly ' with an infectious grin by his peers .     he was voted most ambitious and most talkative student .
spanish football manager tore the side of his trousers exposing his thigh .     guardiola said later : ` i 'll have to buy new ones for the next match '     trend for tight suits has seen dermot o'leary and olly murs left red-faced .     fashion blogger says men should n't ` stuff themselves ' into too-snug suits .
last week the apple watch went on sale to british tech fanatics .     but it 's not the only one of its kind on the market , there are many more .     now there 's a watch for everyone and we 've had a look at what 's on offer .
a petition launched on monday demanding samantha armytage apologise for ` racist ' remark made last month .     presenter was interviewing mixed race twins lucy and maria aylmer on sunrise .     during introduction she said ` good on ' lucy for getting ` her dad 's fair skin '     video of the interview has popped up on social media and sparked change.org petition .     a seven spokesperson said the comment was sam ` taking a dig at herself '
wave of deadly anti-immigrant violence has caused thousands to flee their homes in south africa .     immigrants fear further attacks despite clamp down by authorities .     `` how am i going to pay the rent and feed my wife ? '' says one man .
mario valencia took a rifle from a walmart in tuscon , arizona on february 19 and was able to start firing it as soon as he left .     the stolen weapon should have still been locked and police chasing the men were told he could not fire the loaded gun .     he was later taken out by an officer who hit him with his vehicle .     the gun was found to be locked with loose wire that was not wrapped enough when police recovered it from the scene .     walmart claims the wire could have been knocked loose because of the impact from the car .
daniel williams ' video shows a every aspect of a day in the life of an office worker .     the 90 second clip has been viewed three million times on youtube .     gopros are often used by adrenaline junkies to capture once-in-a-lifetime experiences .
christopher swain donned protective suit to swim through gowanus canal .     brooklyn waterway is famous dumping site for toxic industrial waste .     roughly 377million gallons of diluted raw sewage poured in each year .     swain quit two-thirds of a mile into 1.8-mile journey and said it was like ` swimming into a dirty diaper '     swimmer gargled peroxide and had special tablet on hand to fight against contaminated water entering his body and making him sick .     he urged faster cleanup of the canal , which is slated for dredging in 2017 .
glasgow warriors captain al kellock will retire at the end of the season .     kellock amassed 56 scotland caps during eleven-year international career .     the lock is calling time on career after 150 matches as glasgow captain .
the usa women 's soccer team have unveiled their new kits for the world cup .     sportswear giants nike have been responsible for the new design .     there has been some controversy surrounding the decision to make the kits black and white rather than the traditional red , white and blue .
arsenal moved up to second with 4-1 win over liverpool on saturday .     gunners are bucking their recent trend of ending the season badly .     but they had already dropped 13 points in premier league by mid-october .     signing a defender , midfielder and forward may make them title favourites .
tremors subside finally in kathmandu , but after-effects of saturday 's staggering tragedy will be felt for years .     arwa damon and gul tuysuz take tour of devastated city as locals struggle to cope .     workers dig painstakingly , slowly removing piles of stone and debris .
arsenal defeated reading 2-1 after extra-time to reach the fa cup final .     alexis sanchez scored both goals in his debut season for the gunners .     the chile international also scored twice against england at wembley .     gianfranco zola and robin van persie both won the cup in their debut seasons in the premier league .
chelsea travel to arsenal for their premier league clash on sunday .     this will be cesc fabregas ' first return to the emirates since leaving .     his relationship with arsene wenger has deteriorated since he left in 2011 .     wenger : arsenal fans should give fabregas a good welcome .     read : jose mourinho deep down admires what wenger has established .     read : arsenal fans call for removal of emirates stadium fabregas flag .
kim , 34 , said she would be watching bruce 's show with her family .     she was attending a variety event in nyc just hours before the tell-all .     it was claimed that the former olympian would be watching the show twice - once with the kardashians and next with the jenners .
akhil amar : lincoln 's two biggest legacies , keeping union together and abolishing slavery , had midwestern roots .     lincoln saw the federal government as pre-eminent and believed there was no logical border for dividing the u.s.
`` the price is right '' gives away a car ... accidentally .     a model makes a big mistake during a game .     host drew carey thought the error was hilarious .
southampton beat hull city 2-0 at st mary 's in the premier league on saturday to keep top four hopes alive .     james ward-prowse opened the scoring for the home side from the penalty spot 10 minutes into the second half .     the southampton midfielder was brought on as a substitute at half-time and made no mistake from 12 yards .     graziano pelle made it 2-0 in the 81st minute as the italian ended his four-month wait for a premier league goal .
alison hargreaves , 32 , was killed in 1995 as she descended from k2 .     now her son tom ballard plans to conquer treacherous mountain himself .     his mother was swept to her death by 260mph winds atop the mountain .     at 28,251 ft , k2 is considered more difficult to climb than mount everest .
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao at the mgm grand arena in las vegas on may 2 .     16,000 fans will pack into mgm grand to watch the fight which is worth $ 300m .     both mayweather and pacquiao arrived in las vegas on tuesday ahead of the fight .     watch : jeff powell on floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's arrival in las vegas .     click here for all the latest floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao news .
health expert mark bellis says alcohol abuse goes back as far as ancient civilisations such as the greeks and mesopotamians .     the egyptians used to warn against mixing alcoholic drinks with drugs .     authorities tackled public drunkenness with street lights and advertising .
floyd mayweather jr and manny pacquiao 's fight will be the richest ever .     sportsmail 's jeff powell is counting down the ring 's most significant fights .     joe frazier v muhammad ali in new york in 1971 is the third in the series .     smokin ' joe was two-belt champion bizarrely backed by conservatives .     ali was darling of young blacks after refusal to fight in vietnam .
french health chiefs say binge-drinking is ` anglo-saxon phenomenon '     half aged 18-25 in france admitted drinking with aim of ` getting drunk '     number of young females admitting binging has tripled in last decade .     minister wants to introduce fines or prison for inciting underage drinking .
shortly after being presented with his green jacket , new masters champion jordan spieth gave 25 interviews over the course of 24 hours in new york .     then , despite his fatigue , the 21-year-old flew to south carolina to keep a promise and play in the heritage tournament - his fourth event in a row .     by contrast , players on the european tour have not shown the same sort of unwavering commitment to the sport .     ian poulter , henrik stenson and sergio garcia have decided not to play at the bmw pga championship being staged at wentworth next month .
reanne evans says qualifying for the world championships is a must .     the 29-year-old needs to beat former champion ken doherty to qualify .     evans has won 10 women 's world titles during her successful career .     read : steve davis plays down crucible chances as he bids to qualify .
geoffrey lewis appeared in many movies , tv shows .     actor was frequently collaborator with clint eastwood .     actress juliette lewis , his daughter , called him `` my hero ''
9 indicted on organized crime charges related to bourbon thefts .     employees at two kentucky distilleries among those indicted .
becca and dale litchfield spent their wedding savings on ivf .     the couple were thrilled when they conceived not one but two babies .     dale secretly entered a wedding contest and the couple won .
hanan , 19 , was captured by isis when militants took the town of sinjar .     she was among the women and girls separated to be sold as sex slaves .