The economy regained momentum at the end of 2006 , pulling out of a midyear slowdown as gas prices fell and Americans reached into their wallets with renewed confidence. The government said yesterday that its broadest and best-known measure of economic growth , the gross domestic product , advanced at an annual rate of 3. Spending by the federal government , particularly on the military , also added a significant increase. The swiftness of the expansion in the final months of the year surprised many economists , who were expecting a rate closer to 3 percent. Such strong growth was the latest indication that the economy was showing authentic vigor , despite forecasts of a deeper downturn.
Let others fight over whether the war in Iraq was a neocon vigilante action disrupting diplomacy. The neocons have moved on to a vigilante action to occupy diplomacy. President Bush staged a Texan tableau vivant last night , playing host at his ranch to the secretary of state , his wife , Alma , and his deputy , Richard Armitage. Mr. Bush wanted to show solidarity after a Washington Post story on Monday that said that Colin Powell , under pressure from his wife , said he would not be part of a second Bush term , nor would Mr. Armitage.
In his final start before the regular season begins , Leiter tossed five scoreless innings here in the Mets ' 4-0 victory over the Baltimore Orioles. After starting the spring with a 1-5 mark , the Mets are 17-6-1 in their last 24 exhibition games for an overall record of A career backup , he will almost certainly be the starting catcher on opening day Tuesday against the Phillies at Shea Stadium. In his major league career , Spehr has nine home runs. 233 hitter he has been in 1 , 509 minor league at-bats. Meanwhile , questions remain for the Mets.
IT may appear to many investors that the sharp rebound in Brazilian stocks and bonds has passed them by. The stock market , in local terms , is up 71 percent this year and is almost back to its last peak in March 1998. Prices in the bond market have jumped , as the yields , which move in the opposite direction , have plunged. The yield on Brazil ' s benchmark long-term bond maturing in 2027 is down to 12. Analysts and money managers , though , say there is still much more to make on a investment in Brazil.
Blaine Wilson continued to dominate his sport with a mesmerizing performance tonight as the Olympic trials opened with the men ' s preliminary competition at the Fleet Center , but his mentor , 30-year-old John Roethlisberger , is in danger of losing his bid for a third Olympic team. To be sure of making the team , a gymnast has to be in the top four from the combined results of the trials and the nationals held in July. He was able to stay close to the top six by nailing his signature event , the pommel horse , with a 9.
Carin Koch of Sweden shot a four-under 68 yesterday to take a one-stroke lead over Laura Davies of England after the second round of the YourLife Vitamins L. P. G. A. Mi Hyun Kim had the day ' s low round of 67 to join her fellow South Korean Se Ri Pak ( 68 ) and two others at 139. Twelve more players finished within five strokes of the lead in the first tournament of 2001. RARE LEADER BOARD APPEARANCE: Lee Porter took a two-stroke lead in the weather-delayed Tucson Open yesterday , shooting a seven-under-par 65 in the second round.
The administration said today that it might go ahead with a national missile defense system , even if it meant withdrawing from the 1972 Antiballistic Missile Treaty over Russian objections. The first deployment -- 200 missile interceptors and a radar station in Alaska -- would break the treaty , which limits the number , type and placement of defensive missiles in Russia and the United States. Today Russia won support for keeping the treaty intact from many of Washington ' s allies in a largely symbolic vote at the United Nations. A Russia-sponsored resolution opposing any new missile defense system that " attempts to undermine or circumvent the ABM treaty " won a lopsided committee vote of 54 to 7 , with all of the members of the European Union either voting with Russia or abstaining.
As traditional airlines obsess over the threat posed by low-cost carriers like Southwest Airlines and JetBlue , the chief executive of Northwest Airlines , Richard H. Anderson , has ruled out starting one. In a rebuttal of Northwest ' s closest rivals , Mr. Anderson on Wednesday warned that major airlines would cannibalize their existing businesses if they fly discount carriers on similar routes. Mr. Anderson said he would focus instead on lowering the price of tickets at Northwest , the nation ' s fourth-largest airline , by cutting labor and infrastructure costs. Further , he said , airlines are creating complications for themselves by trying to apportion landing slots , aircraft , terminal space and the personnel needed to run the new carriers.
The United States Ski Team yesterday announced the 14-member freestyle team expected to compete at the Salt Lake City Olympic Games next month , a group with five former Olympians , including the defending gold medalists Jonny Moseley in the moguls and Eric Bergoust in aerials. Clearly , however , the American team hopes that Cook will be ready for the opening day of the women ' s aerials competition , Feb. 16 in Park City , Utah. Although Moseley took a lengthy break from elite moguls competition after his victory at the 1998 Nagano Olympics and had a series of disappointing comeback performances earlier this season , he made the Olympic team based on a stunning World Cup victory in France two weeks ago.
But the ratio of threats to violence is so low that we need to be certain that we ' re evaluating situations and not merely words. What Mosaic-2000 hopes to do is reduce instances where people overreact on the basis of one indicator. Mosaic has not been designed to catch bad guys. Sixty percent of students polled in high schools wanted metal detectors. There are millions of kids right now who can predict violence in their homes hours before it occurs. People see a news story and they see that a man went to his workplace and shot everybody with a machine gun , and the news reporter says he just snapped.
TEAMS TO WATCH: Drexel , Hofstra , Maine. 9 points , 9. 2 points , 7. Hofstra could earn a second straight trip to the National Collegiate Athletic Association tourney. TEAMS TO WATCH: Massachusetts , Xavier , Temple. UMass ' s star guard , Monty Mack ( 19. Xavier gets a new arena ( the 10 , 250-seat Cintas Center ) ; high school ' s Mr. Ohio , Romain Sato; and the return of guard Maurice McAfee ( 15. TEAMS TO WATCH: St. Francis ( Brooklyn ) , Fairleigh Dickinson , Central Connecticut. Forward John Tice ( 15 points ) is recovering from a broken foot , and Corsley Edwards ( 12.
They are the victims of the recent wave of layoffs in the high-technology industry , and many of them cannot believe how clumsy their former employers were in delivering the bad news. The pink slip telling him his job was eliminated days earlier was waiting for him in a FedEx envelope sent by Organic Inc. , an Internet consultant in San Francisco. An Organic spokeswoman said the company had not made the decision to lay off people lightly and acknowledged that employees " may feel pain or anger as a result. " Companies have always let employees go in hard times , but Internet start-ups that only one year ago could not hire fast enough now have a special problem , employment lawyers and job consultants say.
The arm six times , a cracked pelvis , a skull fracture and compressed disks in her neck. Certainly , there will be one on Saturday , when Jennifer Leigh-Pedersen leads a colt named Griffinite to the grass paddock area at Pimlico Race Course and becomes only the ninth female trainer to saddle a horse in the 126 years of the Preakness Stakes. For the past two years , the owner of Griffinite , Ernie Paragallo , has relied on Leigh-Pedersen to foal , break , train and , well , run the 250 horses at his farm , Paraneck Stallions at Center Brook in Climax , N. Y.
Edgar Alfonzo spoke about the 44-year absence of professional baseball in Brooklyn and then spoke with reverence about managing the team that will end that drought , the Mets ' Class A Brooklyn Cyclones. Alfonzo , the older brother of the Mets ' talented second baseman , Edgardo Alfonzo , was named manager of the New York-Penn League team yesterday. He managed the Mets ' Class A Kingsport team to a 35-32 record last year in his first season as a manager at any level. Like any true manager in the Mets ' organization , Alfonzo is focused on developing his young players and on beating the Yankees.
Mr. Kieker was explaining why the Airport Authority and the city-state of Berlin have , after long deliberation and much protest , decided to close down Tempelhof , thereby bringing to an end one of the longest and most important stories in aviation history. But if and when Tempelhof really does close its doors , there is no doubt that something quintessential to Berlin will have been lost. This , of course , was the Berlin airlift of 1948 and 1949 , when a steady stream of C-47 Dakota airplanes , affectionately known as raisin bombers , landed at Tempelhof , bringing in food and supplies to a city whose land access had been blocked off by the Soviets.
I also had the opportunity to talk to Prime Minister Sharon , who... advised me that whatever actions they might decide to take , it would not include bringing any harm to Chairman Arafat or killing him , and subsequent statements by Israeli officials suggest that it is not their intention either to capture him.... And let ' s be clear about what brought it all to a halt: terrorism -- terrorism on the part of those who would target innocent civilians , innocent civilians going about their daily lives , shopping , trying to assemble in a restaurant to celebrate an important occasion in their religious life.
A week ago , the pressing issue in Tony ' s Dungy ' s football life was whether his Indianapolis Colts would remain undefeated. Earlier this month , during a West Coast swing , Richardson learned that his brother Lee had been shot to death on the South Side of Chicago. Dr. Joan S. Ingalls , a sports counselor in New York , says that grieving takes many forms in sports.  " Sport counselors see grieving , and I think it is different because athletes do consider the impact on their fans and the general public of their grieving , " Ingalls wrote in an e-mail message yesterday. "
Illustrated. : Those who excel at pushing the envelope -- chess masters , Olympic athletes , Washington tax lawyers , everyone it seems but contemporary poets -- are generously rewarded with riches and sometimes even public esteem. Judging from his new book , " Faster Than the Speed of Light: The Story of a Scientific Speculation , " this is an opinion with which he would readily agree. Whether that notion is any less ad hoc than inflation is a matter of taste. THERE is nothing wrong with writing about a work in progress. He refuses to submit papers to the journal Nature ( the staff there is surely heartbroken ) until the cosmology editor is castrated.
SEPTEMBER is usually a slow month for tourism in Florida. But this year , after three deadly hurricanes have hammered the state , and with another threatening , tourists are really scarce. The trolleys and trams have very few people on them. Ms. Culver-Aversa and others in Florida ' s $51 billion tourist business -- the state ' s leading industry -- had been expecting a banner year as the state recovered from a sharp decline in travel in the seasons after the terrorist attacks in 2001. Now the industry ' s fortunes are in doubt again after five weeks of frightening headlines and pictures of palm-tree-flailing winds that made the state look like a set for a horror movie.
An errant order to sell $4 billion in stocks briefly roiled the market yesterday afternoon , providing another warning of how a clerical error can produce huge risks. The New York Stock Exchange said that Bear , Stearns had intended to place an order to sell $4 million worth of stocks in the Standard &amp; Poor ' s 500-stock index , but instead asked to sell $4 billion. The orders were canceled within minutes , but not before $622 million in stock had been sold. A Bear , Stearns spokeswoman confirmed the Big Board announcement but declined to provide additional information.
Iraq carried out its threat to expel American weapons inspectors today , rebuffing every diplomatic attempt to resolve the impasse and propelling the Clinton Administration closer to a military response. President Clinton denounced Iraq ' s action , but he stopped short once again of ordering military retaliation despite repeated warnings to Iraq not to defy the United Nations. At the United Nations , in a resolution passed late tonight , the Security Council condemned the expulsion " in the strongest terms " and warned Iraq of unspecified " serious consequences " if it failed to reverse its decision immediately. The expulsion of the Americans , which Saddam Hussein put into force within a day of a unanimous Security Council vote aimed at compelling him to back down , forced the Administration to scramble to build support for punishing Iraq further.
Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged today that his government was facing a tough time at home and abroad but asserted that he still thought Britain was right to go to war in Iraq and insisted he would forge ahead with an ambitious domestic agenda. Mr. Blair ' s popularity has suffered as none of the unconventional weapons whose menace was cited as a reason for war have turned up and as front page charges that his government embellished intelligence to lead Britain into an unpopular war have emerged daily in the judicial inquiry into the suicide of the weapons expert David Kelly.
But times have changed and now stock analysts and investors are concerned that you may not be able to regain your lost luster. Although it has made strides , shifting from a stodgy commercial bank to an investment bank competing with Wall Street ' s titans , that transformation has yet to pay off. In the meantime , Morgan ' s stock price has sorely underperformed those of its peers in commercial and investment banking. And as the financial services world has grown increasingly competitive , some are wondering what Morgan plans to do to hold its own in investment banking ' s big leagues.
Reports of the scale of the carnage in the United States sobered reactions across the Middle East today. Although some Arabs said they hoped that the toll would provoke a hard assessment by the United States of its policies in the region , others braced for possible retaliation. There were also widespread calls for the United States to examine closely what inspires fringe elements to undertake such diabolical acts against American targets. The general consensus was that unquestioned backing for Israel against Palestinians and uncritical support for autocratic Arab governments would continue to inspire new attacks against the United States.  " Terrorism will not disappear if one terrorist or 10 terrorists are arrested , " Jihad al-Khazzen wrote in his column in Al Hayat , an Arabic daily in London. "
Since it bought YouTube last October , Google has been chasing deals that would give it the right to put mainstream video programming on the site. Viacom , the parent company of MTV , Nickelodeon and Comedy Central , filed a wide-ranging lawsuit against Google on Tuesday , accusing it of " massive copyright infringement. " Viacom said it was seeking more than $1 billion in damages and an injunction prohibiting Google and YouTube from committing further infringement. 65 billion that Google paid for YouTube , the complaint said that " YouTube deliberately built up a library of infringing works to draw traffic to the YouTube site , enabling it to gain a commanding market share , earn significant revenues and increase its enterprise value. "
A German publisher has started a glossy magazine on a topic intimately familiar to many Americans: divorce. The magazine will be published every two months and will focus on issues like alimony , finances , therapy and dating. Mr. Neumann and his business partner , Marion von Gratkowski , first had the idea eight years ago ( a similar magazine , called Divorce , began publishing in Toronto in 1996 ) , but have responded now to the divorce rate in Germany , which the government says has been climbing in recent years. They also saw a dearth of resources for dealing with divorce issues that lawyers do not cover.
The Rangers and the Devils played such an entertaining game in their 5-5 tie on Saturday that their next clash is one to look forward to. The game also added such spice to the rivalry that it could be a treat for fans if the teams meet in the playoffs. Daneyko was surprised to be engaged in a fight by the Rangers ' Manny Malhotra moments after Daneyko ' s elbow caught Eric Lacroix in the face early in the third period. Daneyko twisted his right knee on his way down after he was stunned by a punch from Malhotra and missed the rest of the game.
Alex Woodley , who coached and mentored many Olympic gold-medal sprinters in the 1960 ' s and 1970 ' s as head of the Philadelphia Pioneer Club , died on Saturday at his home in Philadelphia. Woodley ' s athletes who won Olympic gold medals included Paul Drayton , Steve Riddick , Charlie Greene , Mel Pender , Herman Frazier and Hasely Crawford. Other leading athletes from the club included John Carlos , Ivory Crockett , Curtis Mills , Edwin Roberts , Tom McLean and Benn Fields. Woodley recalled thinking. "
And the National Football Conference dominated its counterpart , causing league executives , players and the sports media to wonder when the American Conference would ever win another Super Bowl ? From 1985 to 1997 , the N. F. C. won 13 consecutive Super Bowls , humiliating the A. F. C. and causing football to wonder what needed to be done to end the streak and make the Super Bowl more competitive. Free agency among players , a rigid salary cap and movement among head coaches forever changed the landscape of professional football. The Giants won Super Bowl XXV with both Phil Simms and Jeff Hostetler on their roster.
Brown 2002 RECORD -- 2-8 ( 2-5 Ivy League ) KEY PLAYERS -- QB Kyle Slager , LB Andrew Gallagher , RB Brent Grinna OUTLOOK -- There is reason for optimism this year. The schedule is tough after an opening game against Albany , with consecutive games against Harvard , Rhode Island and Fordham. Before last season , the Bears had won more games over the last five years than any other Ivy League team. Columbia opens today against Fordham , the only team the Lions beat last season. Dartmouth 2002 RECORD -- 3-7 ( 2-5 Ivy League ) KEY PLAYERS -- TE Casey Cramer , WR Jay Barnard , LB Josh Dooley OUTLOOK -- Dartmouth lost five games by less than a touchdown last season.
The commotion that accompanied the first few months of Adu ' s career with D. C. United and Major League Soccer has subsided , a bit. On Saturday night at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford , N. J. , before the fourth-largest crowd for a MetroStars game in club history , Adu scored the only goal in United ' s victory. Minutes later , Adu jostled with defender Chris Leitch along the sideline. At the start of the season , United Coach Peter Nowak had Adu sharing time at striker with Alecko Eskandarian , then he shifted Adu to attacking midfielder as Eskandarian found his scoring touch.
" There are fewer people flying , and they ' re paying less per person , " and that trend is here to stay , Michael J. Boyd , an aviation consultant , told an industry conference on Monday. In case the significance of that simple statement did not quite register on the roomful of industry representatives gathered for the Aviation Forecast Conference , Mr. Boyd put it another way. $ ( 6$ ) A sharply accelerating decline in air service to rural , small and even some medium-sized airports , as major airlines abandon them to consolidate market strength in their best-performing hubs and scale back operations at some secondary hubs , like St. Louis.
President Bush has reneged on his promises to Katrina ' s victims. Shamefully , the president has chosen the interests of bureaucracy over those of American towns on the brink of failure. At least part of the problem is a law that requires states to contribute 10 percent of the cost of most federally financed reconstruction projects. A law written to deal with isolated tornadoes does not fit the total devastation of an entire region , and particularly the drowning of a major city like New Orleans. But municipalities are still being asked to pony up by the Federal Emergency Management Agency , even when they are broke.
Hundreds of American-led forces are hunting for Al Qaeda holdouts in Afghanistan , although two senior Afghan commanders whose troops also joined six raids in the past three weeks said today that only two suspects had been detained and none killed so far. As hundreds more coalition troops have been sent into the rolling hills and craggy mountains of eastern Afghanistan , an Afghan intelligence official said Osama bin Laden himself had been spotted twice in recent weeks just over the border in the tribal areas of Pakistan. In Washington , Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld discounted such reports. Indeed , intelligence seems spotty and unreliable , according to the senior Afghan commanders , who noted that the raids over the past three weeks have yielded only a trove of weapons and ammunition , and no dead Qaeda soldiers.
There are no tales of the United States women ' s team struggling to meet the talent levels of the Brazilian , Argentine , German or Italian teams. All these are irresistible elements for American television , providing an opportunity to drape itself in patriotism as NBC did with the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. All 32 games will be carried , starting with Saturday ' s United States-Denmark match at 3 P. M. Eastern , on ABC , followed by Brazil-Mexico on ESPN at 5:30 P. M. , China-Sweden at 8 P. M. on ESPN2 and Japan-Canada at 10:30 P. M. on ESPN2.
Some investors are turning up their noses and shopping elsewhere , while others , sharp-eyed , are rooting around for bargains. Some 851 companies have gone public this year , through Dec. 18 , according to Securities Data Company , and that record-breaking number excludes closed-end mutual funds and real estate investment trusts. Over all , nearly $49 billion has been raised in capital for newly public businesses. Following a spectacular performance last year , in which hot stocks like Netscape Communications were up fivefold or so , the new-issues market got off to a fast start in 1996. During May , initial public offerings sprinted , posting a record 25 percent average gain on their first day of trading , according to Securities Data.
The United States economy is finally getting stronger , but there seems to be one unsettling weakness: the apparent wholesale flight of technology jobs like computer programming and technical support to lower-cost nations , led by India. The trend is typically described in ungainly terms -- as " offshore outsourcing " or " offshoring. " And a proposed bill in New Jersey would restrict the use of offshore workers by companies doing work for the state. Forrester Research , a technology consulting firm , published a report this month pointing out that the movement abroad is only gradual. Yet Forrester itself played a significant role in framing the debate on offshore outsourcing , as well as stirring fears , with a report last year.
If information is power , then most employees who enter salary negotiations are holding pea shooters while the boss is encased in a Kevlar vest. Unless someone left a spreadsheet of the company ' s salaries on the copier ( funny how often that does happen ) , most employees have precious little ammunition going into a meeting to talk about their pay. A few Web sites try to level the playing field by providing more detailed information about salaries. com began revealing the results of salary surveys on its site in 1999. com is now challenging it by gathering information directly from the people who search for data.
Mexican officials are traveling in unfamiliar territory , side by side with Saudi Arabia and Venezuela , leading the way in cutting oil exports to bolster world petroleum prices. The country is not a member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries. Never before , analysts said , has Mexico agreed to curb exports as part of a cooperative effort to turn the market around.  " This is a new leadership profile for Mexico , " said George Baker , head of Mexico Energy Intelligence , a policy research institute in Houston. Moreover , because of changes made over the last decade that sharply reduced the economy ' s dependence on oil exports.
Eddie George was a senior tailback at Fork Union Military Academy in Virginia when it was time for star players to choose their colleges. The Giants ( 6-3 ) will have no trouble finding George on Sunday when they play the Oilers ( 4-5 ) at the Liberty Bowl in Memphis. His unbeaten Buckeyes team played its regular-season finale at Michigan and lost. The Oilers are a young team in transition. In 1999 they move into a new stadium in downtown Nashville. It has not been easy on any of the Oilers , what with all of the criticism and jokes and pressures of playing before small crowds in Houston and now in Memphis.
NORMALLY , Disney World is the triumphant final destination for the winning Super Bowl quarterback. They won ' t be in the playoffs , but they won ' t be an embarrassment. " No. Yes. " For long-suffering Jets fans even the smallest step forward is something to cheer. The Jets were 5-0 during the 1992 preseason , then turned around and finished 4-12. Bill ' s back. " The sense of optimism that has bubbled over in New York has spilled into Florida , where transplanted New Yorkers cautiously are coming come out of hiding. Jets fans have been keeping abreast of the soap opera , too.
WHEN Olympic skiers plunge down Utah ' s slopes at speeds approaching 100 miles an hour , the result may be a medal. But for weekend skiers trying to emulate them , extremely high speeds are more likely lead to a dangerous loss of control. Victor F. Petrenko , a professor at the Thayer School of Engineering at Dartmouth College , proposes using the electrical principle that makes ice so difficult to remove from sidewalks to create electronic brakes to slow skiers or snowboarders automatically before they get into trouble. Ice is one of the unusual semiconductors in which electrical charges are conducted by moving protons instead of electrons.
The huge Oriole right-hander had ignited Tuesday night ' s commotion by firing a fastball into the upper back of Tino Martinez , the Yankee slugger , after Bernie Williams had fired a three-run homer into the upper deck. Alan Mills , another Oriole pitcher , got two games for punching Darryl Strawberry , who got three games for leading the charge out of the Yankee dugout. Graeme Lloyd also got three games for barreling out of the Yankee bullpen to join the melee along with his bullpen buddy , Jeff Nelson , who got two games. Benitez was reportedly fined $2 , 000 , Strawberry and Lloyd $1 , 000 each , Nelson and Mills $500 each -- what amounts to tip money for millionaires.
After carving out its niche as the the No. 1 maker of Internet communications equipment , Cisco Systems Inc. is taking on another medium by introducing its first national television campaign. A series of four television commercials , created by Goldberg Moser O ' Neill in San Francisco , Cisco ' s agency since 1992 , takes a winsome , humanistic approach in an effort to expand its consumer audience , demystify technology , communicate the power of the Internet and emphasize Cisco as an Internet leader. The spots , which carry the theme , " Empowering the Internet generation , " are scheduled to begin Aug. 24 in several major cities in the United States and will be expanded later across North America.
American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Announced a two-year affiliation agreement with Ottawa of the IL. CHICAGO WHITE SOX--Announced the resignation of Ron Schueler , senior vice president/special consultant to the chairman. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Placed C Jason LaRue on the 15-day disabled list. Announced a two-year player development contract with Potomac of the Carolina League. Announced they did not renew the contracts of Brian Conley , hitting coach for Dayton of the Midwest League; Ted Power , pitching coach for Dayton; Derek Botelho , pitching coach for Chattanooga of the Southern League; Luis Quinones , hitting coach for the Gulf Coast Reds; and , Pat Brester , minor league strength and conditioning coordinator.
BIG government is back. And while that fact may not have been heralded at Madison Square Garden this week , it is largely responsible for the best long-term economic statistic that Republicans cited. By one measure , President Bush has presided over a reversal of the trend to smaller government that began nearly 30 years ago. That measure is the share of wage and salary income that comes directly from governments , and its rise has helped keep the economy growing. 5 million new jobs have been created. " Such numbers ignore the recession at the beginning of the Bush administration , and the slow recovery that followed until growth took off in mid-2003 , when one tax cut -- the child credit -- put significant cash in the pockets of parents just in time for back-to-school sales.
Since it was formed in 1988 , The Onion , the satirical weekly newspaper based in Madison , Wis. , has reveled in its contempt for the Coasts , spoofing middle America while avoiding covering trendy Coast-driven culture. The staff also plans to open a San Francisco office this summer with publication to begin next year. The company is continuing an expansion that over the last few years has included book contracts , merchandising deals , a syndicated radio show and sales of film rights to Hollywood. com , an online satirical newspaper , has become one of the Web ' s best-known comedy sites.
A conciliatory Dave Checketts acknowledged yesterday that he had met with Phil Jackson nearly six weeks ago , after denying on Sunday that he had met with the former Bulls coach for exploratory talks about potentially coming to the Knicks. Checketts , the Madison Square Garden president , also said that he talked with the Knicks ' coach , Jeff Van Gundy , earlier in the day and apologized to him for making misleading statements about meeting with Jackson. After the game he sent word through a spokesman that he had contacted Jackson through an intermediary , whom he would not name.
Every Friday night , only hours after a new film has opened across the country , the faxes pile up in the offices of nervous studio executives and producers detailing the box-office grosses of the movie. " A studio film , opening nationally , that takes in at least $10 million at the box office is considered successful. " The First Wives Club , " produced by Paramount Pictures , grossed an unexpectedly high $18. 9 million in its debut weekend. made by 20th Century Fox , which grossed $6. By Monday , studios are deciding whether to increase or decrease advertising budgets.
The scenario presented to the 10 Republican presidential candidates was chilling: Three American shopping malls had been bombed , producing scores of casualties. Terrorists with detailed knowledge of another imminent and deadlier attack had been captured and taken to Guantánamo Bay , Cuba. The question: How far can the authorities go in interrogating the terrorists to get information to avert a fourth attack ? Senator John McCain of Arizona , a prisoner of war in Vietnam , said he would not resort to torture because the United States would lose more in world opinion than it would gain in information.  " When I was in Vietnam , one of the things that sustained us , as we went -- underwent torture ourselves -- is the knowledge that if we had our positions reversed and we were the captors , we would not impose that kind of treatment on them , " Mr. McCain said. "
On the first day of the free-agent shopping season , the Islanders signed left wing Mike Hough of Florida to a two-year contract for about $700 , 000 a season.  " They are one of the teams interested , " Hough said yesterday , referring to Skrudland and the Islanders. The Rangers are also interested in Skrudland and are believed to be wooing Edmonton defenseman Luke Richardson and Colorado forward Mike Keane as well. The Islanders ' signing of Hough overshadowed a major Ranger announcement: they have extended the contract of Coach Colin Campbell for two seasons. As for the Islanders , Mike Milbury , the general manager , said yesterday: " I ' m confident we ' re going to have another announcement tomorrow.
After years of political unrest , including an abortive coup in 2002 , last year Venezuelans agreed to resolve their differences through peaceful electoral means. As they struggle over whether there is to be a recall vote , President Hugo Chávez and the opposition parties need to abide by their commitment to democracy. Venezuela ' s Constitution provides for a presidential recall election if it is demanded by 20 percent of the electorate , some 2. Late last year , Chávez opponents submitted petitions with 3. Leaders of the petition drive and international observers were dismayed at the large number of disqualifications.
The chairman of a Senate panel investigating Enron warned White House officials today that they might face subpoenas for information on their contacts with Enron executives unless the administration demonstrated it was moving toward compliance with earlier informal requests. Senator Joseph I. Lieberman , the Connecticut Democrat who heads the Committee on Governmental Affairs , told the White House counsel Alberto R. Gonzales that administration officials appeared to have taken " few , if any , concrete steps " to respond to questions posed by the panel in March about contacts White House officials had with Enron. Mr. Lieberman , who made the comments in a letter to Mr. Gonzales today , has been pressing the White House over its ties to Enron , which was a major contributor to President Bush during three political campaigns.
Our quality control specialists found defects in more of the computer chips streaming off our factory lines. Yet , they now have almost no chance of finding such juicy revelations in a company ' s annual report. The rule makers , members of the Financial Accounting Standards Board , say that companies could better serve shareholders by reporting information that goes far beyond the accounting ledgers. Specifically , the rule makers want executives to volunteer some of the same nonfinancial information that they use for management purposes , from statistics on employee turnover to measures of customer loyalty to numbers of defective products.
BASED on all the hoo-ha , one may think that the shocks from California ' s power crisis will soon loose the state from the North American land mass. Since Dec. 21 , when it hit a six-month low , the Bloomberg California Index , comprising 594 companies based in the Golden State , is up nearly 14 percent. It is not nice to have the lights go out in the office , but most public California companies are not parochial operations. 8 billion Franklin Templeton California Growth fund , took time last week to talk about the power crisis and California stocks.
Bretton Barber , a high school junior in Dearborn Heights , Mich. , who is deeply interested in civil liberties , knew what to do when he was sent home from school on Feb. 17 for wearing a T-shirt with a picture of President Bush and the words " International Terrorist. " Next he went on the Internet to re-read a Supreme Court case from 1969 , Tinker v. Des Moines , that supported students ' freedom of expression. Mr. Barber is steeped in civil liberties law , so his talk with the principal , Judith Coebly , revolved around the Tinker case , which dealt with students who wore black armbands to protest the Vietnam War.
Concerns about Japan and signs of a slowdown in the United States sent Treasury prices higher yesterday. The bond ' s yield , which moves in the opposite direction from the price , fell to 5. 60 percent Thursday , matching the low set on June 15 -- the lowest it has been since the Government began regular sales of securities in 1977. Most of yesterday ' s gains came from overnight weakness in the Japanese yen compared with the dollar , amid speculation that Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto of Japan was not promising permanent tax cuts.  " The bias is toward higher prices , " he said , " especially with all the positive information about inflation.
IT is a tiny company that has toiled for 14 years on the technological frontier of electric vehicles , but it has yet to turn a profit. But some may want to hear more when they learn that it has recently hooked a partner who surely knows a thing or two about transportation: Lee A. Iacocca. The company , Unique Mobility Inc. of Golden , Colo. , is intriguing in other ways. Competitors praise the quality of its electric motors. Most important , the company has adopted a practical strategy: Instead of focusing on electric cars , it concentrates on electric bicycles and scooters and the like , because it believes they offer a quicker path to commercial viability.
Mr. Bollinger ' s offer of eight bars of his soap was accepted , and he had a deal. Since that first fateful transaction in April , Mr. Bollinger has traded his soap for things like soapmaking equipment and the design of the logo , packaging and Web features for his fledgling company , Dirt Bag Soap. The company is now up and running , and Mr. Bollinger says he has plans to leave accounting for full-time soapmaking. For some cash-poor young professionals , this is what the new economy has come to: trading whatever -- talents , time or simply that dusty and seldom-used George Foreman grill under the sink -- for someone else ' s whatever.
What stirred people to conspiratorial conversation was the Diamondbacks ' signing of Andy Benes , a free-agent pitcher , who with his agent was in a bit of a bind. The Diamondbacks , the whispering went , bailed out Boras by signing Benes to a three-year , $18 million contract , and in return Boras will deliver Williams after he completes a one-year contract with the Yankees. Jerry Colangelo , the expansion team ' s managing partner , and Boras both denied it. Boras was in trouble , the theory begins , because he had squandered a lucrative contract for Benes with St. Louis , $30 million for five years , by negotiating beyond a Dec. 7 midnight deadline and an extension.
In a significant reversal , the United States has regained its lead as the maker of the world ' s fastest supercomputers. A report ranking the world ' s 500 fastest supercomputers issued Friday by computer scientists at the University of Tennessee and the University of Mannheim in Germany shows that the United States has not only recaptured the No. 1 spot with the introduction of a prototype supercomputer built by the Intel Corporation for the Sandia National Laboratory in Albuquerque , N. M. , but now has 16 of the world ' s 20 fastest computers. This constitutes a remarkable shift from the previous year ' s report , which showed that the Japanese not only had the 3 fastest supercomputers , but also that 10 of the fastest 20 supercomputers were made in Japan.
Sergeant Bucklew was one of the 16 soldiers killed when a missile tore a troop transport helicopter out of the sky. The news was almost too much to bear for a family already heartbroken and for a base that seems to be paying a steep price for the occupation in Iraq. Though not a single soldier from Fort Carson was killed during the invasion of Iraq , more than 20 have died since President Bush declared an end to major combat hostilities on May 1. Four Fort Carson soldiers were killed in Sunday ' s helicopter crash alone.  " It was a pretty tragic day in the regiment , " Lt. Col. Tony Aguto , executive officer with the Third Armored Cavalry , wrote on Sunday in an e-mail message to The Colorado Springs Gazette.
IT is fair to say that technology investors have high expectations about the future growth of companies in their portfolios. But I bet that those companies have almost no chance of meeting those optimistic expectations. It all comes down to the issue of whether huge growth rates can be sustained. To gauge those expectations , we first need to calculate how much Cisco ' s earnings are likely to grow over the next five years. If Cisco follows the typical pattern of growth companies , its multiple will drop as it grows and matures. So assume that five years from now , Cisco ' s P/E will be 50 -- still well above the market ' s long-term historical average of about 15.
Piazza had a benign mole removed from his lower abdomen on Monday , did not start against the Dodgers and faced a new barrage of questions about possibly switching from catcher to first base. The team ' s owner , Fred Wilpon , has stressed how the Mets need to be accountable for their actions , but Sanchez appeared to fail in both of those areas by leaving the dugout for a haircut during the fifth inning of a 13-4 loss to the Cardinals in St. Louis last Wednesday , a game Sanchez did not start but appeared in later as a pinch-hitter.
At what might seem to be the worst of times for her -- the rapidly disappearing interlude between her March 5 conviction on federal criminal charges and her sentencing tomorrow -- she is looking more like a carefree socialite than a woman on the edge of incarceration. Her embrace of the social scene is in stark contrast to her demeanor during the investigation into her 2001 sale of ImClone Systems shares , when she canceled some public appearances and dropped off the " Early Show " on CBS after the network insisted that she be asked during the program about the allegations against her.
They then lost to the Detroit Pistons , 2-1 , in a best-of-three first-round playoff series. Teams finished with losing records and still won their division two times before that: Baltimore went 38-44 in 1972 , and Fort Wayne was 34-38 in 1957. Carter ' s new team , the three-time division champion Nets , beat the Celtics on Friday , showing the division ' s unpredictability. Bosh is now Toronto ' s top player. Philadelphia , with its first-year coach , Jim O ' Brien , has the rookie swingman Andre Igoudala , the second-year forward Kyle Korver and the third-year center Samuel Dalembert.
During much of 2001 , before Major League Baseball announced and then backed off from eliminating two teams , one option was to buy out the Anaheim Angels and replace or merge them with the Oakland Athletics , according to informal notes and memos by high-level baseball officials. If the Anaheim-Oakland option had been adopted when Commissioner Bud Selig and the baseball owners wanted to last season , the Angels would not have existed to win the World Series last year. As contraction targets , Anaheim and Oakland never rose to the level of serious candidates , as did Minnesota and Montreal.
He can no longer float in the air and mesmerize fans and opponents the way he did for so many years , but Michael Jordan proved last night that he could still demoralize a Madison Square Garden crowd. Washington ' s Chris Whitney added two free throws before Houston hit a 3-pointer for the Knicks at the buzzer , but it was Jordan ' s jumper that catapulted the Wizards to an 87-86 victory over the Knicks. And Washington ( 14-12 ) tied its franchise record with its ninth straight victory. They have lost six of their last seven games and are 2-6 under their new coach , Don Chaney.
Retailers offered something at full price , and customers bought it in droves. It was gift certificates , and they sold in record numbers , retailers and those who follow them said yesterday. Sales of gift certificates -- those plain pieces of paper that guarantee a recipient will spend at least 10 fewer moments on the return line this month -- were up at least 5 percent in 1996 among dozens of retailers , and the trend was likely to continue , experts said. This was good news for retailers , many of which did not have a stellar season , because gift certificates offer them at least a few days with extra cash on their books to spend as they wish.
Palm Inc. , the maker of hand-held computers , has hired a top Silicon Valley software designer as it seeks to respond to the challenge posed by Apple ' s new iPhone. The designer , Paul Mercer , a former Apple computer engineer , began work three weeks ago at Palm on a line of new products , a company spokeswoman said , but she declined to comment further on the project. Apple ' s iPhone is still several months away from being available , but its flexible interface is already shaking up the cellphone industry , including Palm , which makes the hybrid phone-organizers known as smart phones.
The 2003 season of the Women ' s National Basketball Association was expected to be the most competitive of the league ' s seven seasons. A. would try to show that even though two of its teams folded after last season and two others relocated , it could make it on its own , without the finances and oversight of the National Basketball Association. The Detroit Shock , with the league ' s youngest lineup ( average age 24 ) and its worst record in 2002 , upstaged stalwarts like the Liberty and the Charlotte Sting to win the Eastern Conference.
Before he defected to America , Dr. Ken Alibek was the Soviet Union ' s ranking expert in turning anthrax and a dozen other killer germs into biological weapons. He is president of Hadron Advanced Biosystems , a private research company that seeks to develop broad respiratory resistance to the full range of evolving biological weapons , not just the anthrax scare now consuming Americans. If they were less polite , the neighbors would find Dr. Alibek , a 51-year-old physician and microbiologist , a walking treasure of information for these days of home-front terrorism. Worried about your mail ? Dr. Alibek gently smiles and says that , no , zapping it in the microwave oven will not help.
Although the ad is a promotion for Gatorade , a major Nascar sponsor , it isn ' t outlandish to suggest that Daytona has eclipsed the Indianapolis 500 as America ' s premier auto race. From thinning crowds to depleted sponsorships to declining TV ratings , the Indy 500 -- the only Indy-car race that can hold its own against Nascar stock-car racing -- is looking sick. The race ' s fate will probably turn on the answer to this question: Does the Indy 500 produce the sport ' s stars , or is it the stars who make the Indy 500 ?
The official , Hazarat Ali , the law and order minister for the Eastern Shura , which claims dominion over three major provinces in eastern Afghanistan , said trusted informants had told him that Mr. bin Laden was spotted near Tora Bora , a village where two valleys meet in deep mountains in Nangarhar Province. Overlooking the village of Tora Bora is a large network of mountain caves and forts used by the Afghan rebels who fought the Soviet Union in the 1980 ' s. Eastern Shura commanders say operatives of Al Qaeda , Mr. bin Laden ' s organization , paid the villagers of Tora Bora $50 a family to vacate the village weeks ago.
Marine Motion Detectors The harbor seal is one of the marine world ' s cuter creatures , and part of its appeal , no doubt , is that it has the snout of a dog and the long whiskers of a cat. Seal whiskers have been known to be extremely sensitive to movement , and they are used by the animal to measure openings and objects. Now German scientists studying two harbor seals at the Cologne zoo have determined that the animals use their whiskers to detect very small water movements , like the kind in the wake of a fish.
B. M. , two of the biggest technology companies. In heavy trading yesterday , Hewlett-Packard ' s shares fell 14 percent , or $11. 3125 -- erasing roughly $12 billion in stock market value. The largest one-day drop for Hewlett-Packard in almost six years came after the company warned analysts late Wednesday that second-quarter results would be far weaker than expected. Management said earnings would be 65 cents a share , well below the 78 cents analysts had anticipated. 5625. At one point during yesterday ' s trading , its shares were up more than $7 , or 6 percent , to $129.
Ward Cuff , an All-Pro back for the Giants in the early 1940 ' s and one of the National Football League ' s leading place-kickers of his era , died Dec. 24 in Vallejo , Calif. He played one season for Chicago and one year for the Green Bay Packers before retiring. A native of Redwood Falls , Minn. , Cuff was a fullback and blocking back for Marquette and played on the team that lost to Texas Christian and its star quarterback , Sammy Baugh , in the first Cotton Bowl game , in 1937. After his N. F. L. career , Cuff coached high school football in Green Bay , Wis. , served as an assistant coach at Oregon State and worked for Boeing in industrial recreation and recruiting.
Three organizations yesterday urged investors to campaign for a new regulation that would require mutual fund companies to disclose how they voted on company issues. In doing so , they contended that the nation ' s major funds have too often sided in secret with corporate America when making proxy votes for their individual investor customers. com , a shareholder-rights group. The effort is an attempt to overcome opposition by mutual funds to a rule proposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission on Sept. 20. The S. E. C. has given the public until Dec. 6 to comment on the proposal.
Another statistic to digest during a sportscast may be the equivalent of downing just another spoonful of castor oil. com , Aikman petitioned the league to change its ranking system. Soon after , Aikman; Rick Odioso , a statistician for Fox Sports; and Jim Henzler , a senior analyst for Stats Inc. , created the Aikman Efficiency Ratings ( the A. E. R. ' s ) , which embrace seven statistics in five categories that Aikman says offer a truer picture of offensive and defensive prowess. Aikman posts the weekly ratings and a column on the Web site msn. But , curiously , Fox itself has not used the Aikman ratings for Aikman ' s own games. "
The Broncos edged the Tar Heels , 1-0 , on Sunday in Dallas to capture their first national title. Aly Wagner , Santa Clara ' s premier player , scored a goal four minutes before intermission to end the Tar Heels ' 34-game winning streak. A crowd of more than 7 , 000 at Southern Methodist University and a national television audience saw Santa Clara ( 23-2 ) match North Carolina ' s aggressiveness step for step. The Broncos were also more creative than the Tar Heels ( 24-1 ) , who have used sheer power to dominate the last 20 seasons.
The Clark family -- Joetta Clark Diggs , Jearl Miles Clark and Hazel Clark -- will compete Friday night at the 93rd Air Force Millrose Games , launching a track season that could lead to a family sweep of the women ' s 800-meter berths on the United States Olympic team for Sydney , Australia. Diggs will attempt to go out a winner in the 800 against her younger sister , Hazel , 22 , her training partner. A 1999 graduate of the University of Florida , Clark is a four-time National Collegiate Athletic Association titlist who defeated Diggs for the first time last week in a Millrose tuneup race in Fairfax , Va. Clark placed second and Diggs third in the Adidas D. C. Invitational 800 , won by Regina Jacobs.
Allied Signal Inc. says the latest sanctions against Iran are costing it several million dollars a year in lost sales of aircraft parts. Caterpillar Inc. is circulating a map that spotlights countries where , it says , American sanctions throw up obstacles to the sale of Caterpillar ' s yellow tractors and earth-moving vehicles. Trade sanctions have become ever more difficult to enforce in the world ' s huge and fluid marketplace , but the United States is invoking them with increasing frequency anyway. It is even adding an onerous new twist: punishing foreign companies for breaching American sanctions. Now corporate America , usually unwilling to go against the nation ' s foreign policy , is preparing a rare formal protest against the latest trend.
Color photographs show the corn , cabbage , pickled plums and other vegetables that the company exports , mostly to Japan. There is even a helpful list of the growing times for broccoli , cauliflower and sweet peas; it is tucked between tables showing that the company earned $14. Though China Green ' s business literally involves small potatoes -- cubed and shipped in plastic bags -- its initial public offering in Hong Kong was anything but. Retail investors put in bids to buy more than 1 , 600 times as many shares as were available for sale , making it the most oversubscribed I. P. O. ever in Hong Kong.
When he suddenly announced plans to step down last month , he insisted that the whole move was his idea. " Ms. Loomis then devotes several column inches to detailing the numerous ways she was shut out in her quest to confirm the story. A spokesman for AOL Time Warner , Edward Adler , would not discuss the article itself.
Peter J. Gomes has been at Harvard University for 37 years , and says he remembers when religious people on campus felt under siege. Across the country , on secular campuses as varied as Colgate University , the University of Wisconsin and the University of California , Berkeley , chaplains , professors and administrators say students are drawn to religion and spirituality with more fervor than at any time they can remember. More students are enrolling in religion courses , even majoring in religion; more are living in dormitories or houses where matters of faith and spirituality are a part of daily conversation; and discussion groups are being created for students to grapple with questions like what happens after death , dozens of university officials said in interviews.
Apnea sufferers whose blocked throats suppress their blood-oxygen levels below 80 percent saturation can die of arrhythmia or stroke. My heartbeat was regular.
And in the end , another numbing defeat for the Rangers at Madison Square Garden. After their 3-1 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes last night , the Rangers ( 20-25-7 over all , 11-12-2 at home ) are a game below. Home-ice advantage ? Last night ' s defeat , coupled with Washington ' s victory over the Devils , dropped the Rangers into 12th place in the Eastern Conference , ahead of only the lowly Islanders and the pitiful Tampa Bay Lightning. Eight conference teams make the playoffs. The Rangers have scored one goal or less in 21 games this season , so last night they went out and acquired a gritty forward in Eric Lacroix.

Slogans and gimmicks ? ).  " The Circle of Innovation: You Can ' t Shrink Your Way to Greatness , " by Tom Peters ( Knopf , $30 ) , has many ideas already familiar to readers of " In Search of Excellence , " " Thriving on Chaos " and other extremely popular books by Mr. Peters. Employees should be hired for talent , diversity and attitude; skills can always be taught later. Cost-cutting ? Innovation takes money , Mr. Peters says , so cuts are not the way to become profitable. ) ) Fishing lesson: " Any lure that catches fish is a good lure. "
She made it to China long before Bill Clinton. She won an Olympic gold medal before 80 , 000 in Atlanta and went around the world twice in one year and now looks forward to the world coming to her. She ' s planning on going because women ' s soccer is on the move and Foudy believes there is no turning back. Women ' s soccer is the establishment turned upside down , Americans colonizing the Old World with revolutionary feminist ideas. She wanted to see for herself how Reebok , the company she had contractually agreed to represent , treated the people making its soccer balls.
ANGELINA UMANSKY , an owner of a day spa in San Francisco , has observed plenty of trends in cosmetic procedures over the years , from breast implants to collagen injections to glycolic acid peels and , more recently , Botox. These days , she says , all she seems to hear from her clients is talk of the cosmetic fillers that are supposed to work faster on facial flaws and last longer than Botox. And it doesn ' t seem to matter that these products are not yet approved for use in the United States.  " Safety is not a concern; they just want instant results , " said Ms. Umansky , whose business , Spa Radiance , stays with more traditional beauty treatments , like facials , massages and manicures.
Robert F. X. Sillerman hopes to get a nonfinancial return -- an improved golf game -- from his latest investment. The founder and former executive chairman of SFX Entertainment , Mr. Sillerman is investing $50 million to $75 million in a new $250 million resort on Anguilla that will be managed by St. Regis , a Starwood brand. Scheduled to open in 2006 , the resort , called Temenos Anguilla , will include 36 private homes , a 97-room hotel and spa and three rental villas that Mr. Sillerman built and turned into a mini-resort last year. Jane L. Levere
Congress is expected to consider a proposal early next year that would shift responsibility for billions of dollars in future pension promises to the federal government from United Parcel Service. U. P. S. is chafing at its legal requirement to cover retirees of other companies through its participation in multiemployer plans , in which many employers pool the cost of providing pensions for union members. While the prospects for the proposal are unclear , U. P. S. has gained support from several lawmakers , including some in Georgia , Kentucky and Ohio. About 35 million Americans are covered by traditional pension plans paid for by a single company , and about 9.
As President Bush prepares for his first trip to Europe since his reelection -- a five-day swing through Belgium , Germany and Slovakia -- the Op-Ed page asked a variety of Europeans to name the single most important thing Mr. Bush could do to reinvigorate trans-Atlantic relations. Europe ' s leaders have tried to minimize their differences out of an awareness that re-establishing better relations is a necessity. President Bush should listen to the European street; he should prick up his ears and hear what the presidents and prime ministers cannot or will not say in public. Mr. Bush must allow the European governments to be in tune with their people ' s aspirations.
She is as willing to bare her emotions off the ice as on the ice , to lay out her assuredness and her insecurity before reporters the way she lays out her elegant spirals and spins before judges. Earlier this season , Kwan re-established herself as the gold-medal favorite at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano , Japan , skating through pain to win Skate Canada and Skate America. But as the national championships approach this week in Philadelphia , Kwan is neither fully healthy , completely confident nor even remotely accessible. She has not competed in two months , since aggravating a stress fracture in the second toe of her left foot at Skate Canada in early November.
For AT&amp;T ' s chairman , C. Michael Armstrong , reducing AT&amp;T ' s debt could prove as complex as explaining the company ' s plans to separate itself into four parts. Although AT&amp;T has said it wants to reduce its $62 billion debt , in part by selling nonstrategic assets , a review of its options makes it clear that completing such sales will not be easy. An AT&amp;T spokeswoman said the company would not comment. The company has never publicly discussed a target figure for the asset sales. But Standard &amp; Poor ' s has said that AT&amp;T could keep its desirable A rating if it reduced its debt-to-cash-flow ratio to 1.
The House Financial Services Committee in the United States plans to begin a hearing Wednesday on the oil reserve scandal at Royal Dutch/Shell , a move that is sure to expose the company to more public criticism , and could provide additional fuel to class-action suits. The hearing will be focused on corporate governance in exploration and production divisions of all oil companies , said one executive who has been briefed on the agenda. It will also include discussions on whether changes need to be made to the system , the person said. Shell is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Department of Justice , as well as regulators in the Netherlands and Britain.
American League CLEVELAND INDIANS--Signed LHP Reid Santos. Assigned RHP Alan Benes to Oklahoma. Announced INF Jeff Pickler and OF Paul Ottavinia have cleared waivers; and , sent Pickler outright to Oklahoma and Ottavinia outright to Frisco of the Texas League. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Placed INF Ryan Freel on the 15-day disabled list , retroactive to May 28. LOS ANGELES DODGERS--Purchased the contract of OF Bubba Crosby from Las Vegas of the PCL. Optioned LHP Steve Colyer to Las Vegas. SAN DIEGO PADRES--Claimed RHP Scott Linebrink off waivers from Houston. Sent LHP Randy Keisler outright to Portland of the PCL. National Hockey League CAROLINA HURRICANES--Traded C Harold Druken to Toronto for D Allan Rourke.
Brazil wound up its first bond issue yesterday since the devaluation of its currency in January , swapping $1 billion in new five-year notes for existing Brazilian Brady bonds. 75 percentage points above the yield of the current five-year United States Treasury note. 07 and in late trading in the corporate bond market yesterday the price had slipped to about 98. Traders track the yield on such notes as the amount of additional yield -- or spread -- the note offers compared with a United States Treasury note of the same maturity. 80 percentage points. The Brady bonds accepted in the swap were due in 2001 and 2006.
For one thing , he is in his 12th season as a cornerback in the National Football League , a position that often is left to young and speedy operatives. The Redskins , with a 7-5 record , are counting on Sanders ' s contributions to stay alive for a playoff spot in the National Football Conference East.  " There are people who say that if I hadn ' t played baseball that I ' d have had a longer pro football career , " Sanders said yesterday in the locker room of Redskins Park , the team ' s training facility. "
The Walt Disney Company discovered -- by way of the Internet , naturally -- that some long-forgotten animator had managed to sneak a couple of frames of a woman ' s bare breasts into its 1977 animated film , " The Rescuers , " so it immediately recalled 3. The reason for the recall is to keep our promise to families that they can trust and rely on the Disney brand , " a company spokeswoman said. Imagine , for a moment , a saner world , in which Disney announces that instead of a recall , it will spend $10 million to finance breast-cancer screening for poor women.
Nearly 400 leaders of a fractious , squabbling movement of people who call the tax laws a hoax set aside their differences here today and made plans to conduct a sustained national advertising campaign to expand their numbers. Displaying a new sophistication in organizing and marketing , what had been a contentious mélange of authors , sellers of tax evasion schemes and leaders of militia and patriot organizations , as well as business owners who have stopped withholding taxes from their workers ' paychecks , came together at a hotel here. The foundation plans to raise $2. 5 million to buy a weekly series of full page ads in USA Today that will say that the 16th Amendment , allowing income taxes , was fraudulently adopted , that no law makes an individual liable for taxes , and similar arguments.
From the moment he touched down in Tampa , Billick has injected a dose of XFL attitude into the National Football League ' s most hallowed game. But Billick has taken to his role as the league ' s resident iconoclast like a starlet strolling the red carpet at a movie premiere. In a carefully scripted opening statement delivered moments after the Ravens ' arrival , Billick offered a blistering dissection of the news media ' s coverage of Ray Lewis , against whom murder charges had been dropped. Billick was so furious when Tennessee ran clips of his incendiary quotes on the big screen at Adelphia Coliseum during a playoff game earlier this month that he stalked the sideline in a fury , telling his players they had to cover his back.
The Atlantic Monthly in Boston on Monday afternoon , staff members huddled around to hear the grim news. Then , the disembodied voice of Mortimer B. Zuckerman , the New York real estate baron who has owned the magazine since 1980 , wafted tinnily through the room: he was selling the magazine , a 142-year-old cultural institution that printed the first words of Emerson and Thoreau. More important , though , the staff was upset to learn that William Whitworth , the editor who has steered the magazine for two decades , would be replaced by someone unknown to them , a Washington editorial upstart , Michael Kelly.
Jim Haslett is acutely aware that his New Orleans Saints have a 7-1 road record , best in the National Football League , while they have won only three of eight games at the Superdome. That is where they will meet the St. Louis Rams on Saturday in a National Football Conference first-round playoff game. This past Sunday , at the Superdome , Faulk punctured the Saints for 220 rushing yards and 2 rushing touchdowns , and added 7 receptions for 41 yards and another touchdown in a 26-21 St. Louis victory that forced Saturday ' s rematch. St. Louis , which will be playing its third game against the Saints in 35 days ( they split the first two ) , is the league ' s dominant offensive team this season.
They watch Spanish newscasts on Univision and Spanish soap operas on Telemundo. " Mr. Rodriguez and the Ariases share a Hispanic identity , but they represent two very significant facets of Latinos in the New York metropolitan region. And the differences between them are increasingly evident. But some advertisers , like the recently formed New Generation Latino Consortium , say they favor focusing more on Latinos who are bilingual or for whom English is the dominant language. They say that Latinos born in the United States are now the fastest-growing segment of the Hispanic population and that they are getting more attention now even in fields where they have long been neglected.
THE bond market " conundrum " famously cited by Alan Greenspan -- long-term interest rates falling with short-term rates on the rise -- no longer holds. The yield on the Treasury ' s 10-year note has been gradually climbing toward 5 percent. Fourteen months ago , when Mr. Greenspan , then the Federal Reserve chairman , spoke about the situation , this benchmark rate was scarcely above 4 percent. Now , both short and long-term rates offer inflation-beating yields -- rather than a choice between laughably low returns and substantial risk. Many bond investors may feel that it ' s become somewhat less agonizing these days to decide what to do with their money.
WAVE SYSTEMS has never had a profitable quarter. That flickering light has been enough to attract one of the most devoted bands of investors this side of Berkshire Hathaway. But how do people keep faith in a company that has lost roughly $300 million since its inception in 1988 and has had nearly 50 consecutive quarters in the red since going public ? His father , Peter , who ran National Semiconductor for three decades , founded Wave Systems , a tiny technology company in Lee , Mass. , that makes software to bolster computer security. Wave ' s longtime board members include George Gilder , the conservative technology analyst and author , and Nolan Bushnell , the founder of Atari.
Before a standing ovation at the American Airlines Arena , the Heat ' s All-Star center checked in against the Raptors with 3 minutes 43 seconds left in the first quarter. He finished with 9 points , 6 rebounds and an assist in 19 minutes as Toronto defeated Miami , 101-92. If Mourning ' s stunning decision yesterday dramatically changed the landscape of the Eastern Conference playoff race , it also raised questions about his long-term health. " During a routine training-camp physical last October , doctors discovered he had focal glomerulosclerosis , an illness that causes scarring of the kidney and could eventually require dialysis or a transplant.
Martha Stewart appeared at her company ' s annual shareholder meeting yesterday , addressing the faithful for the first time since becoming a convicted felon in March. Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia had already announced that her indictment was imminent , and last year ' s meeting was packed with shareholders , with reporters and camera crews outside. But with her trial having gone about as badly as possible from her point of view -- she was convicted of four charges , with the fifth dropped before the case went to the jury -- fewer fans bothered to show up this time at the Equitable Building in Manhattan.
Granted , the building is being destroyed for an uplifting civic purpose. That argument will be difficult to make today because when the building falls , a 15-story mural known locally as the city ' s " sports heroes mural " will go with it. The mural depicted five of the city ' s greatest sports stars: the Great One , Roberto Clemente; Le Magnifique , Mario Lemieux; two defensive stalwarts from the Steelers ' Super Bowl era , Mean Joe Greene and Jack Lambert , and Bill Mazeroski , shown waving his cap and circling the bases after hitting one of the most famous home runs in World Series history , the one that beat the Yankees in 1960.
Consumer demand for $851. After the stampedes started by similar programs with famous designers -- Karl Lagerfeld in 2004 and Stella McCartney in 2005 -- the selection of the comparatively obscure Dutch designers , Viktor Horsting and Rolf Snoeren , to design men and women ' s fashions for a mass audience is an intriguing choice for H&amp;M. The chain has 1 , 200 stores worldwide. Analysts have criticized the collaborations as isolated frenzies with little impact on sales , but the association with Viktor &amp; Rolf is appealing to the retailer because awareness of the label is high among fashion insiders.
Rashard Casey threw 3 touchdown passes and ran for 2 scores as Penn State beat Michigan State , 42-23 , yesterday as everything finally went right for the host Nittany Lions. Penn State Coach Joe Paterno recorded his 322nd career victory in the Lions ' season-ending game to move within one of the major college record held by the former Alabama coach Bear Bryant. The loss makes the Spartans ( 5-6 , 2-6 ) ineligible for bowl consideration. Brad Lewis threw for a career-high 290 yards and 2 touchdowns to lead West Virginia in Don Nehlen ' s final home game.
The Tampa Bay Lightning may be one of the surprises of the playoffs so far , but not to the Devils. The Devils found out Sunday that they will be playing the Lightning in the second round of the playoffs , and although the teams have never met in the postseason and played only four times in the regular season , they are not exactly strangers. Devils Coach Pat Burns remembers coaching an energetic left wing named Dave Andreychuk , now with Tampa Bay. Burns coached Andreychuk , who is now 39 , for four seasons in Toronto , then coached him for most of that 1999-2000 season in Boston.
WHEN someone makes a big profit on Wall Street , traders like to say , " Don ' t confuse brains with a bull market. " com , an Internet service that matches young athletes with colleges and scholarships , it took nearly 20 years for her own lucky break on the high school playing fields to germinate into a hot business proposition. For all the material rewards of success , venture capitalists say , it is business founders with a profound motivation to change the world , or at least a portion of it , who are the most successful.

Outfielder Mark Whiten of the Yankees was arrested today , accused of second-degree sexual assault in an incident that the Milwaukee police said took place at the team hotel in the early morning hours Saturday. Earnell Lucas said the police had investigated a complaint by a 31-year-old Wisconsin woman that did not initially point to sexual assault. But the sergeant said that the completion of the investigation had revealed enough evidence for the police to believe that sexual assault " might have occurred " at the Pfister Hotel. Lucas said that Whiten reported to police headquarters at 2:30 P. M. today and , after being interviewed , was read his rights and arrested around 3 P. M. Sgt.
Now , Leiter has all winter to relive the ninth inning of Game 5 of the World Series. Leiter left Game 1 with a 3-2 lead only to see closer Armando Benitez blow the save in the ninth inning before the Yankees won in 12 innings. With two outs and runners on first and second in the ninth inning , Valentine had John Franco warming in the bullpen , but left the veteran in to pitch to Luis Sojo who had entered the game in a double switch the previous inning. Sojo ' s single gave the Yankees a 4-2 lead they held onto to capture the Subway Series , four games to one.
FEW retail projects failed as badly as the Bakery Center , a luxury shopping mall that opened 10 years ago at one of Greater Miami ' s busiest commercial crossroads. This year , new owners have demolished it and started anew with a different design and marketing plan. Unlike the old mall , an anchorless , five-level labyrinth of boutiques radiating about a huge atrium , the new structure is to have a design that the Simon DeBartolo Group says will blend into the surrounding pedestrian shopping district. The plan calls for a complex with restaurants , book and record superstores , and more than two dozen movie theaters.
While many power forwards were able to defend Thomas outside , very few centers have the athleticism to follow him out to 16 feet. Thomas and his teammates will have to play exceptionally well to defeat the Lakers. While the Lakers are the heavy favorites , there are reasons to believe the Knicks , who beat Utah by 85-79 on Friday , could pull off their second straight upset. In addition to being swept in its two-game season series with the Chicago Bulls , the Lakers have lost to Memphis , Golden State , Denver and Atlanta. The Knicks ' storied history would make one think that the Lakers would not look past them , but there is mounting evidence that playoff teams are taking the Knicks lightly.
Now the officials from the area surrounding Detroit Metro Airport were listening to the consultant in a mansion built by Henry Ford in Dearborn , a few miles from here. 7 million square feet of high-technology warehouse space. Surrounding the airport are fields of lettuce , cabbage , tomatoes , corn and bedding plants , crops that can be taken into Detroit and to farmers ' markets. Wayne County sought out Mr. Kasarda after its officials took on millions of dollars in debt in trying to expand the airport itself. The developer of that project , Hillwood , recently announced that it would build 723 , 000 square feet of new speculative space to keep the project growing with a 5 percent to 7 percent vacancy rate.
com , which shows this animated series , to ensure that they are notified of the next " webisode. " Mr. Langston is part of a small but increasing audience tuning in to the Internet for short bursts of entertainment. Web viewers can watch the seven installments of " Zombie College " at any time , in any order , or the latest " Queer Duck , " which made its debut on Icebox this month with the catchy theme song: " Queer Duck , he ' s intellectual. Queer Duck , he ' s homosexual. " After years of sputtering attempts to prove itself as a medium for mass entertainment , the Internet is morphing into a more offbeat version of television that is often more profane and always less formulaic than its broadcast and cable counterparts.
And in a thrilling shot-for-shot duel in the fourth quarter between the two All-Stars , Arenas nearly toppled King James. Cavaliers Coach Mike Brown said: " I hope that shot puts everything to rest. The Cavaliers were able to start the fourth quarter tied at 71-71 because of a defensive stand that held the Wizards to 13 points in the third quarter. After two consecutive Wizards turnovers , Anderson Varejao scored for the Cavaliers.
Although Tiger Woods won ' t be playing for $1 million this week , he insisted today that his motivation for the Ryder Cup will not be a problem. In the process of winning the American Express Championship last weekend , Woods ignited a controversy by saying he would rather win that event than the Ryder Cup , which begins Friday at the Belfry. Those comments became scathing headline material in various publications , and Woods was accused of being greedy and selfish. It was hardly the quietest way for the world ' s No. Things were taken way out of context. "
Trailing a CBS camera crew , the sumo champion took in some of the Winter Olympic sites before he is scheduled to perform a purification ritual at Saturday ' s opening ceremony. Unlike her Olympic teammates , Michelle Kwan and Nicole Bobek , who have remained home until next week to train , the 15-year-old Lipinski wants to experience as much of the Olympics as possible. Her parents and publicists have kept her under wraps for most of the last month , apparently not realizing that she is her own best ambassador. She appears to be buoyed by the fact that she skated a redemptive long program at nationals , pulling herself up from fourth place to second over all and earning a spot on the Olympic team instead of having to be given one by the United States Figure Skating Association.
He spends hours talking on the phone with advisers and he searches everywhere for financing , venture capital or otherwise. He compensates his six full-time staff members with small salaries and big pep talks. Gone are the days when investors thought the Internet was touched by Midas and amateurs could start wireless companies , said Christopher Mutkoski , the founder of Angel Alliance , a New York-based consortium that invests in early-stage companies. His idea is to make business applications for wireless devices , like Palm organizers , that do not have to connect to the Internet. Mr. Hejtmanek came up with the idea for Enterprise Air in September , having spent several years developing and managing software in Switzerland for the Bossard Group , a tool manufacturer , and Oracle , the software company.
Polonia has seven brothers , three sisters , two uncles and a daughter who live within minutes of the Stadium , and the 35-year-old outfielder planned to hang out with them. The Yankees did not terminate their search for a left fielder after the nonwaiver trading deadline passed on Monday afternoon. They just lowered their expectations , plucked Polonia from baseball purgatory after he cleared waivers yesterday and signed him for the rest of the season. Detroit gave Polonia his unconditional release on Monday , so the Tigers are responsible for the bulk of his $1. Polonia revealed that he almost changed the course of Yankee history this season because he implored Juan Gonzalez , his former Tiger teammate , to accept a trade to New York.
Actually , many buildings. As Graceland prepares to welcome as many as 70 , 000 Elvis fans starting next weekend to commemorate the anniversary of his death on Aug. 16 , 1977 , at the age of 42 , Elvis is still the king. Forbes magazine has estimated the company ' s annual revenue at $35 million. But if tenure is any sign of satisfaction , they are pleased with Mr. Soden: he has been running Graceland since it opened to the public 20 years ago. Mr. Soden , a divorced father of a teen-age boy and girl ( who , he said , are rediscovering Elvis these days ) , acknowledged that he was never much of an Elvis fan as a youth , preferring the Beach Boys and the Beatles.
But their 23-21 victory over the Eagles took 59 minutes 57 seconds of black-and-blue-styled football , which fittingly put them on top of the black-and-blue National Football Conference East. Cowboys quarterback Quincy Carter wasted little time throwing downfield , finding Joey Galloway over the middle for 19 yards. But Carter , a third-year pro , was not complaining after Cundiff drilled the field goal with 1:14 left that snapped a six-game losing streak to the Eagles , as well as powered Dallas to its first 4-1 start since 1995 , the last time the it won the Super Bowl. The Eagles , who dropped to 2-3 , played down the onside kick Williams returned for the touchdown , instead focusing on their inability to stop the Cowboys despite having them pinned in their territory for the entire first half.
A. compiling the best record in the Eastern Conference , the Philadelphia 76ers , the defending conference champions , have struggled through injuries and dissension and sit 10 games behind the Nets. So Allen Iverson made it clear today that the Nets ( 38-18 ) still had to beat the defending conference champions if they want to prove anything worthwhile. I mean , they ' ve got the best record , but I still think we ' re still the best team in the East. " The Nets listened to the skeptical remarks , which they have heard from almost every corner of the league , and refused to engage in a war of words , choosing instead to take their case to the court on Friday night at the First Union Center.
7 billion buyout bid for the luxury hotel chain yesterday. The offer by Mr. Sharp , 75 , who bought his first hotel in 1961 and expanded it into a worldwide empire , is backed by Kingdom Hotels International , a holding company of Prince Walid bin Talal of Saudi Arabia , and Cascade Investment , the investment vehicle of Bill Gates. If successful in taking his company private , Mr. Sharp would reap a huge personal windfall. The offer comes amid a wave of management-led leveraged buyouts around the world that has led to scrutiny and criticism from public shareholders who have questioned how management can fulfill its fiduciary duty when it is representing its own interests.
A. draft , the Nets are pursuing trades and soliciting offers for their No. But no deal is imminent , Nets President Rod Thorn said yesterday. Thorn said that he has fielded an offer for two lower first-round draft picks for the Nets ' No. The Nets ' need for a center could become more pressing , especially since Thorn said that forward Jamie Feick , who played in just six games last season after surgery on his left Achilles ' heel and resulting complications , may not be ready for the season. Thorn added that another operation was a possibility for the 26-year-old Feick.
Mets pitcher Mark Clark did not allow a hit for the first seven innings yesterday and never did have a moment to himself. Clark , the object of many wisecracks because of his seasonlong hitless streak , walloped his first career homer , and coming off two terrible outings , he carried the no-hitter into the top of the eighth inning. Boston ' s Reggie Jefferson then hit a leadoff pinch-hit single , ending Clark ' s bid to become the first Met to throw a no-hitter. Carl Everett had three hits and bowled over Boston catcher Bill Haselman in a memorable home-plate collision in the third inning in which Everett was tagged out.
Before yesterday ' s news conference introducing him as the Jets ' new head coach , Eric Mangini was a mystery to the news media. 1 analyst , has called plenty of Patriots games during Mangini ' s six years there but has never had verbal contact with him. Simms said he had unusually little to offer about why the Jets were so interested in Mangini , whom Belichick elevated to be the Patriots ' defensive coordinator this season.  " Not that the coordinators know more than the head coach , but they have their specialties , " Daryl Johnston of Fox Sports said. "
THE First Church of Christ , Scientist , at 96th Street and Central Park West , is going to leave its sumptuous 1903 building and join with the Second Church , down at 68th Street. In 1875 , Mary Baker Eddy published " Science and Health With Key to the Scriptures , " inspired by her recovery from an illness. Her tenet that disease , death and sin are the result of separation from God , and that prayer could heal , brought rapid growth to the movement she founded in 1879 in Boston as the Christian Science Church. Despite repeated stories of children who died after Christian Scientists denied them traditional medical care , and frequent descriptions of Christian Science as a cult of fanatics , the movement attracted the educated and well-to-do in increasing numbers.
To many people these days , it is axiomatic that less government is invariably better for the economy and the nation. In this way , tax cut after tax cut is justified despite a growing federal budget deficit. Such thinking also lies behind the efforts to privatize Social Security. But it is hard to square this view that government is always an economic menace with the long history of capitalist development. Consider how the role of government changed in America as the economy and society changed. Jefferson is criticized today because he feared the encroachment of manufacturing on what he considered an American agricultural utopia.
Dr. Keller ' s work is the healing of torture victims. Y. U. Program for Survivors of Torture , he has tended patients from 70 countries who have been gang raped , trampled , burned or forced by machete-wielding soldiers to choose between amputation at the wrist ( " short sleeve ? " ). Last month , Dr. Keller , who also lectures about advocacy and medicine at his alma mater , the N. Y. U. School of Medicine , which co-sponsors the survivors ' program , wrote a report with Physicians for Human Rights that struck home. Their interviews with asylum-seekers who are in American detention centers found mounting levels of post-traumatic stress. "
Toyota has not yet passed General Motors to become the world ' s biggest carmaker , but Robert A. Lutz , G. M. ' s vice chairman , says his company has fallen behind its rival in terms of clout on Capitol Hill. Days after Rick Wagoner , G. M. ' s chief executive , said G. M. was not conceding first place to Toyota , Mr. Lutz stressed that G. M. would rather lose several points of market share than heavily discount vehicles as it has in the past. 1 automaker -- which Mr. Lutz said had already happened in the minds of Washington lawmakers.
In March , just as the Bush administration was showing reporters some of the secret nuclear equipment that Libya gave up after renouncing its arms program , the Libyans received a fresh shipment of illegal parts from the nuclear black market , according to a new report by the International Atomic Energy Agency. The Libyans may have been as surprised as anybody when the parts -- advanced centrifuge components for enriching uranium , a crucial step in making nuclear bombs -- showed up in Tripoli ' s port. Colonel Qaddafi ' s aides quietly reported the arrival of the shipment to American intelligence and to the atomic agency.
And by winning major championships , they did what Tiger Woods , Ernie Els , Davis Love III , Vijay Singh and Phil Mickelson failed to do this year. But the questions probably will not go away until Woods , who has not won in the last six majors , wins a major again. Woods is not threatening when he starts the final round 13 strokes off the lead , as he did Sunday. While Micheel savored his victory , Mickelson went another year without winning a major , and the pressure on him might be greater than it is on Woods.
And 70 percent said they needed only one day to research their fund investments. The nationwide telephone survey , commissioned by Montgomery Asset Management and conducted by the Intersearch Corporation from May 21 to June 1 , involved 750 randomly selected mutual fund investors who have at least some holdings outside 401 ( k ) plans. * Fifty percent of respondents said they thought that the hand-over of Hong Kong to China would have a negative impact on investments in that region; 29 percent saw a positive impact. Nonetheless , 59 percent said they would consider buying a fund that invested in Hong Kong.
A. courts , imbed a tiny camera , then let ESPN viewers imagine they ' re in the league ' s new Big and Tall Studio. This termite ' s view is surreal and best used when preceded by a traditional replay of what FloorCam will show. Looking into the glare of arena lights , the images show bodies flying , colliding and landing. In a coming game in Orlando , the tiny camera will pan from its two-inch depth; eventually , it will also tilt , allowing it to be placed as far away as the top of the key.
A 3-0 start had certainly been welcome around basketball-mad Chapel Hill , where the pain of a most uncharacteristic 8-20 season still nagged Tar Heels fans. 2 Kansas awaited in the semifinals of the Preseason National Invitation Tournament. So good that the Tar Heels defeated Kansas , 67-56 , at Madison Square Garden last night to advance to tomorrow night ' s final against Stanford , a surprising 69-65 winner over Florida in the first semifinal. North Carolina ' s revitalization project has been led by three talented freshman starters: Raymond Felton , Rashad McCants and Sean May. The Jayhawks ( 2-1 ) stayed close for much of the first half and trailed by only 2 points with 3 minutes 24 seconds left.
With the Eagles ' final minicamp recently behind them , and with their training camp debut set for July 27 , McNabb has been shuttling between interviews , photo shoots and fund-raisers , mindful to keep football at the forefront. For McNabb , 24 , a third-year quarterback in the N. F. L. around whom the Eagles franchise is being built , a player with a 14-10 record as a starter who generated a head-turning playoff showing last season , fulfilling his demands is tricky business. Tread lightly , they say , when asking him about being booed by Eagles fans at the draft in 1999.
Mr. Salvaggio ' s solution can be found in " September 11th , 2001 , " a powerful digital artwork that he put online last month in the Net-art section of his nonsensically titled Web site , www. salsabomb. The new work is based on a sequence of 20 still frames taken from a video of the United Airlines jet flying into the World Trade Center ' s south tower. To reclaim the imagery ' s human dimension , Mr. Salvaggio has digitally composed each frame not from tiny dots of color , as is usually done , but from names culled from a list of the 2 , 800 dead and missing victims of the New York attacks.
Mariano Rivera was the last celebrity to meet reporters before Joe Torre ' s charity dinner in Manhattan last night , closing things out again. As the Yankees try to surround him with a deeper relief corps , Rivera is not paying attention. I don ' t know anything about baseball right now. " The Yankees had hoped that when Rivera showed up in Tampa , Fla. , for spring training , he would meet new teammates like B. J. Ryan and Scott Eyre , and possibly even an old friend in Tom Gordon. But Eyre is off the free-agent market , having signed with the Chicago Cubs on Thursday , and Torre , the Yankees ' manager , said he believed Ryan wanted to remain a closer rather than set up for Rivera.
WHAT had been a routinely sedate news media session suddenly became a raucous and family-like reunion yesterday when Cynthia Cooper bounded out the runway at Madison Square Garden , like a blazing Houston Comet across the New York sky. First the woman they call Coop hugged Sue Wicks , the veteran Liberty forward , once with feeling , a second time at a brassy cameraman ' s request. Cooper ' s three-time champion Comets are at the Garden tonight to play the Liberty in the league ' s two-of-three finals for the third time , but telling the story of the W. N. B.
After his Giants played lethargically Saturday night in a 17-14 preseason loss to the Jets , Coach Jim Fassel was livid. Jaret Holmes missed the Giants ' only field-goal attempt , from 44 yards. Rodney Williams outpunted the coverage , helping the Jets set up returns of 15 , 28 and 25 yards. Did Fassel find anything positive about the game ? But this week and next , some seasoned kickers are sure to be cut loose by teams , and the available free agents include such veterans as Morten Andersen and Al Del Greco. The Giants ' only injury of consequence against the Jets was to defensive tackle CORNELIUS GRIFFIN ' s right ankle.
On Dec. 4 , in the final disappointing stages of a dismal voyage on Leg 2 of the Volvo Ocean Race , the American offshore sailor Mark Rudiger sat down at the navigation station of his yacht , Assa Abloy , and began typing. On Wednesday -- on the holiday the Australians and the British call Boxing Day -- Rudiger will get an opportunity for redemption on the third leg of the around-the-world race from Sydney to Auckland , New Zealand. Still , we don ' t have room for any more mistakes , that ' s for sure. " Furthermore , with Cayard ' s role in the software tycoon Larry Ellison ' s America ' s Cup campaign up in the air , Cayard was reportedly available.
Moments of perfection were scattered throughout Yankee Stadium yesterday , and they had little to do with the splendid sunshine , the blue skies or the hot pretzels , all pleasant touches. They had everything to do with David Wells , in a sharp 3-2 victory over the Royals , and with one more flashback to 1996 , when the Yankees were more nearly perfect than any other major league team. And he did not let his empty ring finger or his empty heart deter him on a day when the Yankees were finally given their World Series championship rings and when Wells spent his first Mother ' s Day without his mom.
THE Financial Accounting Standards Board published its long-anticipated statement about options accounting last week , and as expected it recommended that options grants to employees be counted as an expense in corporate financial statements. Barring any last-minute changes , this will probably become a requirement of the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2005. Technology companies have doggedly lobbied against this change , but the corporate scandals of the last few years have made Congress reluctant to block moves toward more transparent accounting. nber. org/digest/mar04/w9784. html. ) Under current accounting standards , companies have to describe in detail the option grants that they make to employees , but they are not required to estimate or report a value for these options.
Bill Belichick began the morning after winning his second championship as a head coach by confessing that Super Bowl XXXVIII had left him more drained than any of the more than 500 N. F. L. games he had been involved in. This , his fourth Patriots team , had already shown him that it could win in numerous ways , but some of what happened Sunday had to be extremely disturbing to him. The Carolina offense put pressure on the Patriots ' defense that was more than a bother , it was downright unsettling. *With 18 seconds left before halftime and Carolina at its 47-yard line , Stephen Davis bolted through the Patriots ' defense for a 21-yard gain that set up John Kasay ' s 50-yard field goal as time expired.
The Jets ' secondary is a mess not its playing , which was effective enough Sunday against the Miami Dolphins -- but its health. Steve Atwater , the free safety , missed two starts because of a strained hamstring , and his availability Sunday against the Dallas Cowboys ( 7-6 ) will be limited at best. Otis Smith , a starting cornerback , has missed the entire season because of a shoulder injury , and Kevin Williams , who plays cornerback and safety , had his season ended by a life-threatening virus. Now the patched-up secondary of the 5-8 Jets must contend with Troy Aikman of the Cowboys.
It is only the middle of January , but Andy Roddick ' s quarterfinal victory over Younes el-Aynaoui on a Wednesday night that turned into Thursday at the Australian Open could turn out to be the match of the year. That made it the longest fifth set in men ' s singles in the 126 years of Grand Slam events , and when it finally ended , Roddick pitched forward onto his knees in a state of relief , exhaustion , joy and surprise that a match and character check that seemed perfectly capable of stretching on for another hour or more had somehow stumbled upon a conclusion.
com , could the smartest buy actually be the shares of the beleaguered Borders Group ? 01 billion , and far ahead of Amazon , at $610. Despite the jump last week , Borders shares are still down more than 42 percent since Dec. 31; they are now at $14. The stock is trading at just 10. 5 times analysts ' estimated earnings of $1. Barnes &amp; Noble , by contrast , is trading at over 15 times next year ' s earnings estimates. Amazon is expected to post a loss for its 2001 fiscal year. 6 percent of the company ' s outstanding stock.
ELIMINATE Alan Greenspan. Of course , no one really wants to do away with Mr. Greenspan , the Federal Reserve chairman. But 14 years into Mr. Greenspan ' s tenure at the helm of the Fed , his once unblemished reputation has faded , albeit only slightly. The Fed ' s ability to raise and lower short-term interest rates is its primary control over the economy. An increase in rates raises borrowing costs for consumers and businesses , leading to deferred spending and slower growth and inflation. A cut in rates has the opposite effect. Mr. Greenspan ' s goal is to keep the economy growing as fast as possible without causing inflation to rise.
Latasha Byears had a season-high 23 points and grabbed 8 rebounds last night as the Sacramento Monarchs beat the Liberty , 76-69 , for their third straight victory after a nine-game losing streak. Bridgette Gordon had 19 points and Ruthie Bolton-Holifield added 15 points , 7 rebounds and 4 assists for the Monarchs ( 8-14 ) , who put together their first three-game winning streak of the Women ' s National Basketball Association season. Kym Hampton scored a season-high 17 points for the Liberty ( 15-6 ) and Vickie Johnson added 13. The Liberty ' s Rebecca Lobo was held to 7 points , on 2-of-6 shooting , and 1 rebound in 38 minutes.
Porto ' s savvy , English-speaking coach , the 41-year-old Jose Mourinho , has left for the riches and tumult of the English Premier League. Last week , he replaced Claudio Ranieri at Chelsea. Internationally , the 16-nation European Championships begin Saturday in Portugal , a nation of about 10 million people , when the host country plays Greece in the opening game in Lisbon ( the final will be played July 4 ). Portugal , coached by Luiz Felipe Scolari , who led Brazil to the 2002 World Cup title , is still reeling from its first-round exit from the World Cup in South Korea , which included a surprising 3-2 loss to the United States.
But in the age of the Internet , where anyone with a modem can dispense financial wisdom and shift market tides , there are other questions raised about people like Daniel Miller , 15 , who maintains a stock-advice Web site. Propelled by a CNBC appearance last month , as well as a couple of stellar picks , his following has been growing so quickly that he is soliciting advertising for his site and considering charging admission. The day before , shares in Filtered Souls Entertainment Inc. , a small hip-hop record label in Canada , had risen 92 percent. And that , perhaps , was evidence of Mr. Miller ' s influence: He had discussed the company on the Silicon Investor site before he actually recommended it on his own.
To hear pundits , fans and sports talk-show hosts tell it , the Detroit Pistons are supposed to be in a stupor , dejected after losing Game 2 of the finals despite leading by 6 points with 36 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter. They admitted being " crushed " immediately after the Los Angeles Lakers ' 99-91 overtime victory Tuesday night , which was keyed by Kobe Bryant ' s game-tying 3-pointer with 2. We went to Los Angeles and gave ourselves a chance to win two games against a great team , and that ' s the way we ' re going to look at it.
Shortly after the end of the Persian Gulf war in 1991 , the newly semi-autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq held a rare democratic election. Both have used torture , killings and kidnappings to achieve their political goals , many people here say. As American authorities consider how to build democracy in Iraq , they have repeatedly held up this region as a model. In a message to the Kurdish parliament , L. Paul Bremer III , the American in charge of administration in Iraq , said , " I am confident that the example you set , with free elections , will be an inspiration for the rest of the country. "
 " My biggest fear coming in was , would I be able to click on that intense focus I have ? Johnson received the Fred Schmertz Trophy as the meet ' s outstanding performer. In new 60-meter races for New York high schools , JALEEL DAVIS of Boys and Girls in Brooklyn won the boys ' race in 7. 74.
The 32-year-old Green never overcame a neck injury suffered in the season ' s opener , and was placed on injured reserve today. *Dorian Boose , the club ' s top draft pick of 1998 whose play on the defensive line has been limited. But Atwater has a hamstring injury and is listed at 50-50 to play against the Cowboys , and Omar Stoutmire is now the backup free safety. He pointed out that last year a pair of over-30 veterans , Vinny Testaverde and Bryan Cox , made an impact. BILL PARCELLS is likely to send him to the World League next spring.
Two weeks ago , after sailing neck-and-neck for 5 , 000 nautical miles from Rio de Janeiro through the sweltering equatorial doldrums , the Movistar sailing vessel ghosted across the finish line in Baltimore in second place , ending the fifth of 10 legs in the around-the-world Volvo Ocean Race. Researchers from Johns Hopkins Medical School greeted him at the dock and whisked away the specimens for testing. The results helped Brovender determine individual rest and recovery plans for the sailors , vital strategies designed to bring them up to full strength for Sunday ' s 400-nautical-mile dash from Annapolis , Md.
EIGHT months ago , Maurice Clarett scored the winning touchdown in the second overtime of the Fiesta Bowl to propel Ohio State to a 31-24 victory over Miami and an undisputed national championship. Earlier this week , Clarett was suspended by Ohio State for the remainder of the football season for violations the university said it uncovered during a two-and-a-half-month investigation. A. bylaws that make it illegal for players to receive preferential treatment based on athletic reputation or skills and that require players to be truthful and cooperative with investigators. A. reform is institutional control: the president of a college , its athletic director and the head coach of the sport in question should know what is going on.
Many of the same Americans , four years older and perhaps more mature , will again wear the red , white and blue in 2002 when National Hockey League players again perform for their countries in Salt Lake City. Of the 10 Americans announced yesterday , nine were veterans of the 1998 adventure. One of them was Brian Leetch of the Rangers , also the only defenseman named. The other returning players are Keith Tkachuk of St. Louis , Tony Amonte of Chicago , Bill Guerin of Boston , Brett Hull of Dallas , John LeClair of Philadelphia , Mike Modano of Dallas , Jeremy Roenick of Phoenix and Doug Weight of Edmonton.
And why not allow a bit of a smile -- even tears -- in the locker room where the Jets were celebrating their 17-10 victory over the Buffalo Bills , having become American Football Conference East champions after having won only one game only two seasons ago. Equally impressive , the Jets secured a first-round bye last night when Jacksonville lost at Minnesota , 50-10. Parcells had said the result of last night ' s game would not alter his decision on who would start in the regular-season finale next Sunday against the New England Patriots at the Meadowlands. " But , as with the Giants and with New England , there is only the Parcells way.
It has been just over a year since their Wellington boots last sloshed about on these shores , and it ' s not as though that trip -- billed as their first official overseas tour since being married in April 2005 -- came off so smashingly that they , or an adoring American public , ought to be crying out for another. During that trip , in early November 2005 , The New York Post ridiculed Charles for failing to make eye contact with his wife throughout a 9/11 memorial event in Lower Manhattan ( " maybe they ' ve just grown accustomed to sneaking around " ) ; and in The Washington Post , Tina Brown , ostensibly praising Camilla , wrote: " She ' s smaller , prettier , more delicate than all those cruel horseface snaps would have you believe. "
In fact , while the idea may have once sounded ridiculous , predictions of the advent of such devices are now becoming almost cliched. News articles champion the coming era of " smart " appliances and " pervasive " or " ubiquitous " computing. Engineers have demonstrated how once-dumb machines , if embedded with tiny computers , might communicate wirelessly and embark on tasks like making coffee or ordering groceries. Some manufacturers , like Merloni , an Italian company , have already started to sell a few products. It appears that the age of " things that think , " a phrase that emerged from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ' s Media Laboratory in 1995 , is nearly upon us.
The German energy giant E. On on Monday withdrew its offer of 42. 6 billion ) for the Spanish utility Endesa in exchange for a promise from rival bidders to sell it part of Endesa ' s assets , ending one of Europe ' s most arcane takeover battles. Acknowledging that it would not have been able to secure a majority stake in Endesa , E. On said it had signed a deal to gain assets valued at about 10 billion euros if its bidding rivals gained control. The deal came on the eve of a deadline for investors to tender shares to E. On , whose chances of mustering more than 50 percent of Endesa ' s stock collapsed 10 days ago when Acciona and Enel announced a plan to initiate a bid of 43.
The Nets did not make any roster moves yesterday before leaving for Cincinnati for tonight ' s final exhibition game. The rookie free agents Stephen Jackson and Kevin Freeman , along with the four-year journeyman guard Kevin Ollie are vying for the final roster spot. In addition , Coach Byron Scott is still deciding what to do about his overcrowded backup point guard position. Martin ended his collegiate career in agony , breaking his right fibula in a Conference U. S. A. tournament game in Memphis. "
Suddenly , Sunday mornings will be filled with pre-game shows for the networks ' pre-game football shows. Blame it on Channel 4 , which last season paired Bill Parcells , the Jets ' coach , with Phil Simms , for an 11:30 A. M. show. Come the 1998 National Football League season , Channel 4 will double its output: a Jets show starring WFAN ' s Mike Francesa and Dave Jennings is likely to start at 10:30 A. M. , to be followed at 11 by a Giants show with Mike Breen and Jim Fassel , the Giants ' coach. Certain people are ready to make the transition from radio to TV. "
Knicks fans were on their feet. And , as history now records , the Knicks came back in the fourth quarter to tie the game at 70-70 , and , with 17. But it was in the deciding game of last year ' s playoffs , which also went the full length , when Houston again emerged the hero with a last-second shot that bounced up and then in , a moment in Knick lore that ranks with Willis Reed ' s limp.
Alan Greenspan , the former Federal Reserve chairman whose pronouncements continue to jolt world markets , has signed a consulting deal with Pimco , the giant bond management firm. Mr. Greenspan , 81 , will meet with executives of Pacific Investment Management Company once a quarter to discuss economic trends and has agreed to discuss Fed policy -- but only behind closed doors , an associate with knowledge of the deal said. Mr. Greenspan will also hold periodic telephone and video conferences with senior executives , this person said. The deal , first reported on The Wall Street Journal ' s Web site , will only be part of Mr. Greenspan ' s business enterprises.
In recent years , though , nature has struck back: a mysterious virus has teamed up with disruptive weather patterns to kill more than half the oysters in the world ' s busiest undersea factory. But those supplies are running short , and suddenly -- just in time for prom and wedding season -- pearl prices are shooting up. Luxury chains like Tiffany &amp; Company as well as small , family-owned jewelers like Wilson &amp; Son in Scarsdale , N. Y. , have been forced to raise prices , in some cases by as much as 25 percent , for top-quality strands.
Markets open for trading today in a new quarter and a new world , one where Washington , and not just the Federal Reserve , matters more than it has in many years. Stocks have just finished their worst quarter since the crash of 1987. The Standard &amp; Poor ' s 500-stock index gave up 15 percent of its value , a total of more than $1 trillion , while the Nasdaq composite index fell nearly 31 percent. Stocks recovered last week , and many professional investors say that if the United States can avoid a deep recession over the next year , they are reasonably valued , perhaps even cheap.
The Chicago Bulls ' Dennis Rodman has become a curiosity once again. After Coach Phil Jackson spent three days pumping up his enigmatic forward to play well against the Utah Jazz ' s Karl Malone , Rodman surfaced from the locker room with a surprise injury tonight. Jackson had planned to start Luc Longley on Malone and bring Rodman off the bench to irritate the Jazz star in Game 1 of the finals. Though Malone still outmuscled him to several rebounds , Rodman grabbed his share , even with his right hand taped. Rodman struggled against Malone in last year ' s final and was unable to force Malone out of position and get around his bulky frame for rebounds.
William A. Andres , who led the Dayton Hudson Corporation ' s expansion from a regional department store chain to a national retailing powerhouse , died Wednesday of lymphoma in Fort Myers , Fla. In 1978 , a Forbes cover article said Mr. Andres was " analytical and has a reputation for getting to the heart of matters quickly and decisively. " Target now provides most of the company ' s more than $30 billion in annual sales , and on Jan. 30 , Dayton Hudson changed its name to the Target Corporation. He became president of the combined company in 1974 , chief executive in 1976 and chairman in 1977.
The rapid downfall of the Enron Corporation is likely to hasten the end of California ' s freewheeling experiment in energy deregulation , industry executives and government officials said today. But in this state , where the state treasury was drained and the biggest utility was left bankrupt by an ill-conceived deregulation plan , various people saw a kind of rough justice in Enron ' s getting its comeuppance.  " Enron was the flagship for deregulation , " said Carl Wood , a member of California ' s Public Utilities Commission and an opponent of deregulation. Analysts and utility executives agreed that Enron ' s meltdown would have little effect on the state ' s power supply , which costly state power contracts and a slumping economy have rendered ample.
Montclair unveiled a passing offense that the Mounties had hid through their first four games , marching 80 yards in five pass plays. Bergen Catholic , accustomed to its opponents being sky high , answered back and did not stop until it had built a 23-point lead on the way to handing Montclair its first loss of the season , 30-15. Bergen Catholic is being regarded as the top team in New Jersey for the second straight season , and is ranked No. Two weeks ago they beat a Don Bosco Prep team that is ranked second only to Bergen Catholic in the state ' s Parochial Group IV ranking by 21-7.
Antitrust officials at the European Commission have drafted a final ruling in their six-year case against Microsoft , people close to the commission said on Monday. The draft ruling , which was not made public , was circulated within the commission last week , according to a person who insisted on not being identified. Other departments of the commission are free to comment , but they generally would not alter an antitrust ruling in any substantive way , this person said. Microsoft said on Monday that it was continuing to negotiate with European Union regulators. " The ruling may follow the line the commission took last August when it accused Microsoft of abusing its dominant position in the software market by obstructing rivals ' programs from working with the ubiquitous Microsoft Windows operating system.
Yesterday , the Federal Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted a request from Ms. Stewart to give her trial judge , Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum , the option to change her sentence. The court has given the same consideration to any defendant sentenced before Jan. 1 who has asked for it , said Megan Gaffney , a spokeswoman for the office of the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York. In sentencing Ms. Stewart last year , Judge Cedarbaum said the sentencing guidelines were mandatory , and gave Ms. Stewart , who was convicted of lying to prosecutors about a 2001 stock sale , a sentence at the lower end of the guidelines: five months in jail and five months under home confinement.
President Bush has pardoned 113 people during his presidency , including a Tennessee bootlegger and a Mississippi odometer cheat. But none has drawn the public scrutiny , nor posed the same political challenge , as the candidate that many conservatives hope will be Bush presidential pardon No. 114: I. Lewis Libby Jr. , the former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney , who was convicted of lying to investigators in the C. I. A pardon for Mr. Libby would attract more painful attention to a case from which Mr. Bush had managed to keep his distance for more than three years , a case inextricably linked to the flawed intelligence used to justify the Iraq war and an administration effort to discredit a critic that ultimately exposed a C. I.
The Knicks looked at their most harmless of rivals as a team stripped down to its tire rims and placed on cinder blocks by injuries. Without the often-loquacious critic of the Knicks , the Nets ' injured Stephon Marbury , to poke at their pride , they treated the team from across the river as just another group of players searching for crawl space at the bottom of the Eastern Conference. Instead of the Knicks jumping out of their skins to play the Nets , as they had against the Pacers and the Heat earlier this week , they drifted into an uninspired funk that lasted until the midway point of the third quarter.
One hundred fifty-six of the world ' s best golfers teed off. The average score was 78. The last time that no golfer was able to shoot under par during a round of the British Open occurred in 1986 , at Turnberry , Scotland , in both the first and third rounds. In the United States since World War II , there has never been a round in the Masters and the P. G. A. Championship in which a golfer has failed to break par. 2-ranked player , who shot an eight-over-par 79. " Sergio Garcia ' s first major as a professional became a major disaster as he triple-bogeyed the first hole , finished with an embarrassing 89 , declined to comment before leaving the course , and bravely returned several hours later to answer questions.
The Rolando Paulino All-Stars from the Bronx have won their first two games in the Little League regional championships in Bristol , Conn. , bringing them one step closer to their goal of the Little League World Series in Williamsport , Pa. On Sunday , Danny Almonte and Rolando Torres combined to pitch a perfect game as Rolando Paulino defeated a team from Wilmington , Del. If they make it to Williamsport this year , they would be the fourth team from New York and the first from the Bronx to play in the World Series. The Bronx team won local fame and the hearts of New York sports fans last year after its surprise World Series bid.
When his psoriasis is at its worst , David G. Metz has a silvery scale covering his entire body except the soles of his feet. " The biotechnology industry is taking aim at psoriasis , a chronic disease that affects an estimated seven million Americans and , in its more serious forms , is far more physically and psychologically devastating than the mere cosmetic disease it is often thought to be. About 30 companies , mainly biotechnology concerns , have psoriasis drugs in clinical trials , according to the National Psoriasis Foundation. In a race for the lead are two industry giants and longtime rivals -- Biogen and Genentech , both of which have drugs that could reach the market in two or three years.
The Discovery Channel will drop its sponsorship next year of the professional cycling team that was formerly led by Lance Armstrong. The decision by Discovery leaves the top United States team scrambling to find a primary sponsor at a time when the sport is in turmoil because of accusations of widespread use of performance-enhancing drugs by riders. The team will continue to ride under the Discovery Channel name this year , beginning with the Tour of California , a one-week race that begins Feb. 18 in San Francisco. Officials from both Discovery Communications , the Maryland-based cable-television company that owns the Discovery Channel , and Tailwind Sports , the corporation that owns the cycling team , said Friday that Discovery ' s decision was not related to the sport ' s doping troubles.
North Carolina could not wait to play Sunday and , as Coach Roy Williams put it , finally get rid of a sour taste. Felton , who directed the Tar Heels ( 20-3 ) when they failed to get off a shot in the final seconds against Duke on Wednesday , scored 16 points. After UConn Coach Jim Calhoun congratulated the Tar Heels , calling them a " terrific basketball team and really well coached , " he added with some sarcasm , " I ' ve been reading an awful lot about them in our local newspapers about how good they are. "
After spending the week facing questions on how they would rebound from their disappointing loss to New England , the Jets turned in a commanding 41-14 victory over Miami on Monday night , their most complete game of the season. The linemen put pressure on Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler all game , sacking him four times. It was precisely the kind of victory that the Jets needed to wash the taste of last week ' s loss to the Patriots out of their mouths. The victory also allowed the Jets to keep pace with New England and Pittsburgh , who are also 6-1 , as the top teams in the American Football Conference.
The counterculture rules of the open-source software community are edging into mainstream book publishing , thanks to Bruce Perens. All the books -- a total of six are planned for this year -- will be published not under a traditional copyright but under the Open Publication License , which was created in 1999 by David Wiley , an assistant professor at Utah State University. The license allows people to copy , modify and redistribute works. It is modeled after the General Public License for software , which sets the rules for information-sharing and reuse of code for the GNU Linux operating system ( www.
As the Nets practiced today at their state-of-the-art Champion Center , their minds were far from Saturday ' s home game against the Miami Heat. Despite beating one of the hottest teams in basketball Thursday night , the Nets appeared dazed and dejected. Jayson Williams , their inspirational leader , clubhouse comedian and living , breathing testament to courage , was hours away from undergoing surgery to repair his broken right leg , and not even the victory over the vaunted Atlanta Hawks could quell the team ' s sense of loss. Williams , who will remain in the hospital until Monday , will not wear a cast.
Japan , the world ' s second-largest economy , is falling into another recession. Statistics released today by the government showed that output of goods and services in the second quarter contracted at a 3. 2 percent annual rate. Faced with so unequivocally downbeat a report , government ministers abandoned diplomacy and spoke bluntly. Takeo Hiranuma , the economy , trade and industry minister , told reporters: " The economy ' s footing has become very weak. A small upward revision in figures for the first quarter , from a slight contraction to slight growth in gross domestic product , means that conditions in Japan do not yet meet the usual technical definition of a recession , two successive quarters of shrinking economic activity.
The Nasdaq 100 stock index is losing more technology stocks. Now the old industrial and consumer stocks are moving up to rank among the largest companies in the Nasdaq stock market. The Nasdaq 100 , which comprises 100 of the largest nonfinancial companies listed on the Nasdaq stock market , announced yesterday that 15 companies would be dropped from the index on Dec. 23 , to be replaced by 15 others. The popularity of the Nasdaq 100 was reflected in the great success of the exchange-traded fund based on the index , known as the QQQ after its ticker symbol. 5 million shares of the fund were outstanding at the end of March 1999 , the first month it traded , but that figure rose to 804.
JOHN H. PARK , who runs the $100 million Liberty Acorn Twenty fund , isn ' t overly concerned about labels like growth and value. We tend to shift between growth and value stocks depending on where they are in the cycle. " Despite high fees , the fund has soundly beaten its peer group. 75 percent front-end load , or service charge , on its Class A shares since October 2000 , when the Liberty Financial Companies acquired Wanger Asset Management , which advises the fund. Liberty ' s asset management business was acquired by FleetBoston Financial in November. 75 percent sales charge during the full three years ended Jan. 31 , it would have returned 12.
With two regular defensemen already out of the lineup with injuries , the Rangers could not afford to lose any more , especially in a game with serious implications for the playoff race. But one went down , early , against the Boston Bruins today in the Fleet Center. He was Ulf Samuelsson , knocked unconscious and bleeding from the face , by Ken Belanger ' s vicious board check. Without Leetch , their captain and leader in minutes played , the Rangers would have had a hard time preserving their two-goal lead , winning the game and extending their unbeaten streak.
Across the country , teachers are discarding portions of history books , abandoning " patriotic education " classes , and in some cases taking down flags. Syamend used to begin his day by standing to salute his teacher and saying , " Long live President Saddam Hussein. " Now the children stand and say , " Long live Iraq. "  " Saddam did bad things to kids , " said Goran Azhey , a father of three who lives in Erbil , another northern city. " Kurdish officials here in the north from the Ministry of Education and officials from the American administration have begun some plans for a change in curriculums.
Until I opened that drawer , I didn ' t even know that the mouse existed. The trilling , rattling call of the red squirrel is remarkably loud.
DURING batting practice yesterday , Don Zimmer was sitting in the Yankee dugout , talking about how Joe Torre ' s return was approaching. Zimmer was alluding to the Yankees ' recent 4-6 slump , including a five-game losing streak that had dropped the Yankees into a Sunday morning tie with the Boston Red Sox for first place in the American League East. But in the dugout now , Derek Jeter suddenly sat down next to Zimmer. " And shortly after noon yesterday , the man behind that word strode into the clubhouse , then into the players ' lounge.  " George just came in , " the Yankee center fielder was told.
In the past six months the Chinese Government has carried out the most systematic crackdown on political rights since the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. Dozens of democratic activists have been arrested , hundreds more have been detained , and three leaders , Xu Wenli , Wang Youcai and Qin Yongmin , have been sentenced to long prison terms. It was Mr. Clinton who last year emboldened Chinese democrats to press their Government for modest reforms. At the June summit in Beijing , the President declared that free speech , free association and freedom of religion were " the right of people everywhere and should be protected by their governments. "
The telecommunications boom of the late 1990 ' s was cruel to Cisco Systems. Cisco , which built its reputation in data networking equipment , angered many major telephone companies a few years ago by trying to expand its small share of the voice-and-data market by focusing on a group of upstarts that were competing with the telephone companies. Because Cisco acted as lender in a lot of those purchases , the company lost tens of millions of dollars on the deals when many of those start-up companies went bankrupt. But Cisco ' s chief executive , John Chambers , has engineered a recovery that has left the company in surprisingly strong financial shape despite the continued technology recession , and Cisco Systems may be in a position to dip back into the telecommunications waters , wiser for its troubles.
He faces accusations that , if true , could put him in prison before he breaks Hank Aaron ' s career home run record. Income tax evasion , money laundering , evading federal banking laws and perjury are on the roster of charges Bonds could face if a woman named Kimberly Bell , who identifies herself as his ex-girlfriend , proves to be telling the truth. These matters are far more serious than steroids use and would result in far more serious penalties than a 10-day suspension for testing positive for steroids. Ask Pete Rose. I don ' t think there ' s any issue about that.
After much deliberation , ABC decided last week to bring back its long-running but recently struggling drama " The Practice , " and even flew the show ' s stars to New York to parade them in front of advertisers during its presentation of its new fall season. In January , when ABC moved " The Practice " out of its longtime slot on Sunday at 10 p. m. , where it had thrived , to Monday at 9 p. m. , it suffered a ratings falloff. ABC waited until the last minute to renew " The Practice " for another season , and then agreed to give the show its Sunday night spot back only if it could cut the license fee almost in half , to about $3.
Many perform white-collar tasks that can be accomplished on computers and sent over the Internet. Even the company ' s bottom line can benefit when its workers dial into the company ' s network or pick up the phone to call headquarters. Yet in 1999 , five years after AT&amp;T began a formal telecommuting program , the percentage of managers who worked from home at least once each week dropped to 24 percent , from 29 percent in 1998. Over the next few years , analysts say , flexible work arrangements will force companies to reassess how they use space and cause more people to take part-time jobs or become independent contractors.
The Digital Equipment Corporation ended a difficult year on a positive note yesterday , reporting quarterly operating earnings that more than doubled from a year earlier. But the company ' s revenues shrank nearly 7 percent over the same time while the rest of the information technology industry was booming. , had net income of $124 million , or 75 cents a share , during its fiscal fourth quarter , compared with a loss of $433 million , or $2. However , excluding a $492 million restructuring charge , the company earned $59 million , or 33 cents a share , in last year ' s fiscal fourth quarter.
Stock prices tumbled yesterday in the third consecutive session of volatile trading. The Dow Jones industrial average , after falling 50 points in the first hour of trading , soared 100 points higher by noon , only to plunge 180 points from its peak in an afternoon selloff. In late trading , however , those losses were pared , so that by the time the volatile session was over , the Dow stood just 68. One reason is that the market has been dominated in recent days by heavy program trading , analysts said. Any rumor , they added , could touch off a wave of arbitrage-related activity , as traders attempt to capitalize on the huge price swings.
SO what it boils down to , the mad scientist was asked -- after a dazzling , dizzying disquisition tumbling through DNA , genomes , phylogeny , taxonomy , sequence matching , time warps , string edits , macromolecules , trilobites and later arthropods , ray tracing problems , how you can tell which medieval monastery a manuscript was copied in by the errors , mostly spelling , the monks kept making and the 280 powerful slave servers chained together in the basement -- is that lobsters and bugs are related ? This is a very big deal at the American Museum of Natural History , where the cheerful , fast-talking Dr. Wheeler , 37 , is co-director of the Molecular Systematics Laboratories , curator of invertebrate zoology and a cutting-edge researcher on the origin and evolution of the species.
The National Football League commissioner was angry because game officials missed a crucial call on the final play of the Giants-San Francisco 49ers playoff game 10 days ago. The Pittsburgh coach was angry because he thought the officials made an unwarranted call at the end of the Steelers ' playoff loss to Tennessee last Saturday. With the N. F. L. ' s showcase games approaching -- the conference championships on Sunday and the Super Bowl a week later -- there is agitation and concern among many people in the N. F. L. about the intense spotlight on its officiating , and how it has distracted attention from the four teams vying for the championship -- Philadelphia , Tampa Bay , Tennessee and Oakland.
With its eye-catching display windows , 35-foot-high ceilings , exposed pipes and a facade that echoes the Victorian row houses across the street , the new 12 , 500-square-foot Urban Outfitters store on Seventh and H Streets almost looks as if it had been scooped up from SoHo in Manhattan and replanted here. The trendy store , which sells casual clothing and furniture aimed at young shoppers , is part of Gallery Place , a residential , office and retail development that will officially open in October. Situated in the dwindling Chinatown district , Gallery Place will have 220 , 000 square feet of office space , 192 condominiums and 270 , 000 square feet of retail stores , including a 14-screen United Artists movie theater and a $17 million Clyde ' s restaurant , part of a popular local chain.
ONE warm afternoon in the late 19th century , two middle-aged office clerks met on the same bench of the Boulevard Bourdon in Paris and immediately became the best of friends. To achieve this ambitious goal , they attempted to read everything they could find on every branch of human endeavor and , from their readings , cull the most outstanding facts and ideas. Flaubert ' s death in 1880 put an end to their enterprise , which was in essence endless , but not before the two brave explorers had read their way through many learned volumes on agriculture , literature , animal husbandry , medicine , archeology and politics , always with disappointing results.
A small California computer company announced this month that its revenues fell 30 percent in the latest quarter , not because of slow sales , but because of a new accounting rule that could soon affect the bottom lines of high-technology companies across the nation. The company , Creative Computer Applications Inc. , which is based in Calabasas , is one of the first to begin applying the rule and said it did so to get the bad news out of the way. I think they are wrong. " The rule , which has caused a stir in the high-technology industry , requires companies to postpone revenues on certain software sales if all the promised components and services have not yet been provided.
If the crowd in the Hartwell arena had been scoring the pairs competition at the world figure skating championships tonight , there is no doubt who would have had the highest marks: Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo of China. The nine judges took a different view , awarding the gold to the defending world champions , Yelena Berezhnaya and Anton Sikharulidze of Russia. The judges agreed , and though eight of the nine gave the Chinese higher marks for technical merit , eight of the nine gave the Russians higher marks for presentation. Poland also won its first medal in pairs at a world championships when Dorota Zagorska and Mariusz Siudek took the bronze.
Tonight , against the Milwaukee Bucks , Scott watched his team play with heart early , but then saw them play without their brains. Forgetting their game plan to double-team Milwaukee forward Glenn Robinson , the Nets allowed the aptly named Big Dog free range to rip out whatever heart they might have showed tonight. As Robinson helped give the Bucks a 23-point lead entering the fourth quarter , the Nets looked somber , all but accepting their fourth straight defeat. While the Nets allowed the Bucks to shoot 53 percent , Milwaukee won its ninth straight home game , its second in three nights. "
 " I don ' t think their post positions make any difference , " Brower said. " The 23d annual Meadowlands Pace for 3-year-old pacers is one of only three million-dollar races in harness racing. The others are the Hambletonian for 3-year-old trotters , scheduled for Aug. 7 at the Meadowlands , and the North American Cup for 3-year-old pacers , which was held June 26 at Woodbine near Toronto and was won by The Panderosa.
IN the spring of 1996 , the zealous new Republican majority in Congress persuaded President Clinton to sign a farm bill intended to wean American farmers from the government subsidies on which they had relied so heavily for so long. 7 billion , more than triple the pre-overhaul level , accounting for 40 percent of farmers ' net cash income. That 1996 bill , the Freedom to Farm Act , began the shift from New Deal-era price-support programs to a more free-market approach at a time when crop prices were at 10-year highs. The idea was to let farmers choose what to grow based on what could be sold in the United States or overseas , not what the government would promise to buy.
The Los Angeles Dodgers dealt a serious blow to the Yankees ' salary arbitration case with Bernie Williams , reaching agreement with outfielder Raul Mondesi last night on a four-year , $36 million contract. The $9 million annual average of Mondesi ' s contract is the figure Williams submitted for arbitration; the Yankees are in at $7. 5 million in arbitration to the Dodgers ' $5. The Dodgers gave Mondesi a $2 million signing bonus and salaries of $5 million , $8. Williams had wanted to sign a multiyear contract , too , but the Yankees ' offer of five years for $37.
Or was it a horse that didn ' t even run in the Breeders ' Cup because of injury , maybe the 3-year-old Silver Charm , winner of the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness , or the 5-year-old Gentlemen , winner of the Pimlico Special , the Hollywood Gold Cup and the Pacific Classic ? Patrick Byrne , the trainer of Favorite Trick as well as Countess Diana , who also set a record while winning the Juvenile Fillies by 8 1/2 lengths , clung to the belief that his unbeaten 2-year-old might be the Horse of the Year. Bill Mott , who trained Cigar , twice voted Horse of the Year , said that Skip Away looked like a powerful candidate in his last two races , the $1 million Jockey Club Gold Cup at Belmont Park , which he won by 6 1/2 lengths , and the $4 million Classic , which he won by six.
Eminem ' s not cracking open the head of Triumph , the Insult Comic Dog , was about the only instance when something was not shattered at this year ' s MTV Music Video Awards. The show , televised on Thursday night from Radio City Music Hall , set a record for viewing levels for MTV , and drew more viewers than any other show on basic-cable channels this year. This year ' s awards reached just under 12 million people , more than highly popular telecasts like N. F. L. football on ESPN and the N. B. Among the viewers that MTV considers its target audience , those from the age 12 to 34 , the show reached about 8 million people , again a record for MTV.
John Paul II arrived in India today to meet with the Roman Catholic bishops of Asia at a time when anti-Christian sentiment and violence among Hindu fundamentalists is at its highest in decades. During the last weeks and days , Hindu fundamentalist groups have held protests , demanding a papal apology for massacres by Portuguese colonists in the 16th century , as well as an end of Christian conversions. The Vatican chose New Delhi to close the synod of Asian bishops. In Asia , Catholics remain a tiny minority , mostly ignored but sometimes , as in China , persecuted. In India , 17 million Catholics account for only about 2 percent of the population , yet the vast country has the largest population of Catholics in Asia after the Philippines , a country John Paul has visited twice.
Is the industrial age invention of the weekend going the way of the rotary dial telephone ? In a global economy and a consumer society that demand nonstop service , many more people are working outside the traditional 9-to-5 weekday schedule. An online survey of 2 , 200 professionals conducted last month by Linkage Inc. , a corporate training and consulting firm in Lexington , Mass. Since then , about two-thirds of the company ' s regional offices have adopted such policies , which also state that unless a client needs help , employees should not leave voice mail and e-mail messages on weekends for colleagues with expectations of receiving answers before Monday.
The youngbloods , Seton Hall , were undefeated in five games and ranked seventh in the nation , playing Illinois , with a 6-2 record and ranked ninth , in Assembly Hall. With 6 minutes 47 seconds left in regulation , Cory Bradford hit a 15-foot jump shot to put Illinois ahead , 59-57 , for the first time since early on. Seton Hall stumbled , bumbled , had a series of turnovers on charges and bad passes , but was able to regain the lead. He strained a tendon in his right knee on Monday in the team ' s victory against Norfolk State.
More than a few experts have credited the search engine with the taming of the World Wide Web ' s vast frontier. But with the Web now firmly established as the most important computer development since point and click , the search engines -- and today there are dozens of them -- are grappling with the fact that , well , there are simply too many of them. Over the last few months , several of the largest search services , in an attempt to differentiate themselves , have taken a cue from television to organize their services into programming categories.
Two points away from being bounced out of the opening round of the Chase Championships for the second consecutive year , Davenport , although assured of finishing 1998 at No. So pride of ownership , one of the intangibles that seems to tag along with the top ranking , prevented a first-round fall last night at Madison Square Garden. Nor was she about to allow her opening-round opponent , the perpetually in-the-pink Anna Kournikova , get away with a performance marred by 17 double faults. So Seles , grunting more out of discomfort than habit , soldiered her way to a 6-4 , 6-3 victory that put her in a quarterfinal meeting today with the five-time champion Steffi Graf , whose resurrection after her seventh bout with surgery , this time on her wrist , has been masterly.
Arcelor Mittal , the steel giant based in Luxembourg , said Monday that a Dutch foundation would not let it sell the Canadian steel maker Dofasco to a rival , ThyssenKrupp of Germany. If the foundation does not change its position , Arcelor Mittal will have to sell one of its two operations in the United States to address antitrust concerns. In March , Arcelor put control of Dofasco , a consistently profitable and efficient producer , into a Dutch foundation , Strategic Steel Stichting , which is controlled by three trustees. Similar foundations were used to keep European companies from falling under Nazi control during World War II.
Hotels bought , condos built , new snow machines and gondolas installed: The company was pumping millions into its strategy of rapidly building itself into a giant in winter recreation. And the cracks that soon appeared in American Skiing ' s financial results call into question the wisdom of barreling ahead so fast in an industry that depends so profoundly on Mother Nature ' s fickle graces. 8 million , even worse than it had forecast in January , on revenue of $109. Resort revenue fell $3. 7 million from the corresponding period the previous year , while real estate revenue declined $1.
There he was at midcourt , hollering , urging the crowd to cheer , celebrating his blocked shot against Tim Hardaway that helped to seal the Knicks ' 77-73 victory over the Miami Heat yesterday. Yesterday was the best game of the playoffs for Ewing -- 25 points , 11 rebounds and the blocked shot against Hardaway in the closing seconds that protected a 3-point lead. By winning Game 3 , the Knicks took a 2-1 lead in the four-of-seven-game series , with Game 4 to be played tonight at Madison Square Garden.  " We worked hard all summer , all during training camp , all throughout the year , jockeying for a good position for the playoffs.
It has been an eight-year hiatus for the Worrell 1000 , a grueling catamaran race along 1 , 000 miles of coastline from Florida to Virginia. But now it ' s back , with 13 teams expecting to push off from the beach tomorrow at Fort Lauderdale , Fla. Lightning storms , gale-force winds and shoals lined with sandbars and rocks are common obstacles along the way. The coastline was all dark and swampy , and we saw no lights. They include Gerard Loos , a European multihull champion from Holland , and Vladimir Kulinichenko , a native of Ukraine who is a veteran of two Whitbread Round the World campaigns and is now a sailmaker in Tampa , Fla. Other Worrell 1000 competitors include sailors with jobs as varied as a computer engineer , an upholsterer , a dental technician , an executive chef , a graphics designer and a private investigator.
Bob Watson is proud of his accomplishments in baseball , but he has grown weary of one aspect. " From the day in 1988 when John McMullen , then the owner of the Houston Astros , hired him as his assistant general manager , Watson has worked his way through a series of firsts. But the former general manager of the Yankees and the Houston Astros has yet another first he could attain. Each group has submitted a $12 million deposit on the designated purchase price of $122. Oakland and Alameda County officials will select one of the groups by May 11 as the Athletics ' owner , subject to approval of Major League Baseball and its club owners.
The Giants did not practice well this morning , and when that two-hour session was over , Coach Jim Fassel gathered his team before him and said: " That was a 6-10 practice. You keep practicing like that and you ' ll be 6-10 again. " But he was firing some salvos across the bow of the good and placid Giants ship , which has sailed happily through this 1997 training camp. Duff flung Cross to the ground , and Cross jumped up accusing Duff of using a head slap , which is forbidden in practice. Fassel , as a quarterback at the University of Southern California in 1970 , listened to the insults and ridicule of Coach John McKay.
TIGER WOODS has not already won the British Open that begins today. Woods is naturally the favorite , at 7-4 in the local betting shops , after winning 6 of golf ' s last 9 majors and 7 of the last 11. And don ' t be surprised if another golfer escapes the knee-high rough swaying in the breeze off the Firth of Forth and wins at Muirfield in this 131st Open Championship , as the British Open is formally known. For more than a century , Muirfield has built a reputation for producing a legendary name as champion: Nick Faldo twice , Tom Watson , Lee Trevino , Jack Nicklaus , Gary Player , Henry Cotton , Walter Hagen , Ted Ray , James Braid twice and Harry Vardon.
Even the Achilles Track Club , which had been the most vocal critic of the Road Runners ' handling of the event last year intimating that the club was not equipped to handle the needs of the disabled , conceded that Laufer and the club had done a much better job this year. Brandon Lilly MARATHON 2001: NOTEBOOK
The day after his inauguration , President Bush sat for an official portrait , taken by a Los Angeles Times photographer named Paul Morse. What was a Times photographer doing taking official White House photographs ? In some respects , he was following in the footsteps of better-known photographers like David Hume Kennerly , who left journalism temporarily to work in Gerald Ford ' s White House. This was not even debatable. " Mr. Morse said he had sought the permission because he was " concerned about the conflict of interest knowing we cover the White House. " He said he took the portrait to help out Eric Draper , the former Associated Press campaign photographer who had just taken over as official White House photographer.
In a Colts jacket , Colts shorts and white sneakers , Polian , the club president hired after the 1997 season , had interrupted the search for the bus passes at the team ' s beach hotel here Thursday to recall the decisions that assembled much of the American Football Conference championship team that will oppose the Bears today in Super Bowl XLI. After wrestling with the decision , Polian and the Colts ' personnel people took Manning. Just as Polian credits Coach Tony Dungy for having guided the Colts here , he talked about " great personnel directors " like Tom Telesco and Dom Anile , now a consultant , who worked with " our great scouting staff " in identifying blue-chip talent that fit the team ' s needs.
THE HOLY GRAIL Imagination and Belief By Richard Barber Illustrated. 464 pages. The Holy Grail has become a popular metaphor for elusive perfection , for the most exalted or unattainable object of one ' s desire. Scientists talk of the possibility of finding a theory of everything -- that would unify general relativity and quantum mechanics -- as the holy grail of physics. Marketers talk of interactive , targeted commercials as the holy grail of advertising. In his fascinating if long-winded new book , the British medieval scholar Richard Barber examines how the concept of the Holy Grail evolved: from a literary device to an explicitly Christian symbol to its present-day incarnation as an all-purpose object of a quest.
Dwight Gooden was visibly uncomfortable discussing the possibility that he might replace David Cone and start Game 4 of the division series before the Yankees announced the switch. It is a pressure-packed spot because Gooden will either be trying to clinch the series or trying to keep the Yankees alive for a fifth game. 25 e. r. a. in seven post-season games with the Mets. " When Gooden takes the mound on Sunday , he will have pitched just one inning in the previous 10 days. David Wells was wearing a Baltimore uniform when he strolled into a hostile setting at Yankee Stadium and tamed the Yankees , 5-3 , in Game 2 of the American League Championship Series last October.
On Monday , at Mr. Ramli ' s urging , President Abdurrahman Wahid , who is himself struggling to cling to power , replaced the chairman of the Indonesian Bank Restructuring Agency. The agency is supposed to dispose of $50 billion in assets it took over from the country ' s ruined banks. Mr. Ramli noted that the agency , known as IBRA , had sold off only 20 percent of the assets under its control. That compares poorly with asset management companies set up by Malaysia and South Korea. Analysts say Mr. Ramli also played a role in timing a recent decision to raise the price of fuel 30 percent.
The Bernie Williams salary debate has escalated to $10 million a year , with the Yankees insisting the All-Star center fielder is not in that rarefied air and Scott Boras , his agent , arguing that he is. A lawyer close to the negotiations between the Yankees and the 29-year-old Williams said that two weeks ago the team had offered the outfielder a five-year contract for slightly more than $7 million a year , but Boras had rejected the proposal and did not supply a counter proposal. Boras will not publicly designate Williams a $10 million-a-year player , but he repeatedly compares him to Gary Sheffield of the Marlins ( 6 years , $61 million ) and Sammy Sosa of the Cubs ( 4 years , $42.
3 percent of the fund , was disclosed in July in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. ( Mr. Buffett is often granted waivers from the S. E. C. that allow him to delay disclosure of his stock purchases for a year. He did not return a telephone call seeking comment. Mr. Buffett bought the Baker Fentress shares for his personal account , not for Berkshire Hathaway , his public company.  " Mr. Buffett is apparently trying to capture the difference " between Baker Fentress ' s share price and the value of the portfolio after the company sells the shares in the open market and returns the proceeds to shareholders , said Timothy P. Vick , editor of Today ' s Value Investor , a newsletter in Hammond , Ind.
A glut of products and increasingly expensive marketing have transformed this business in recent years into a cutthroat marketing war. Battles are waged through scented magazine advertisements , and the score depends on how long a perfume survives. -- is a complicated and often intangible alchemy of science , advertising and market research. The fragrance industry dumps millions of dollars into all these elements each year , only to find that four out of five new scents die at the counter. Indeed , fragrance experts say that of the 40-odd perfumes rolled out each year , most will flop within three years.
The 2000 World Series will forever be remembered as the one in which Roger Clemens threw the barrel of a broken bat ( choose one ) at , near , in the vicinity of , in a space unexpectedly intruded upon by Mike Piazza. It ' s too bad another bizarre Clemens act has intruded on a game or a Series because the Yankees are in position to achieve greatness in this World Series , and nothing should dilute the attention their achievement would merit. With victories tonight and tomorrow night at Shea Stadium , the Yankees would gain a sweep of the four-of-seven-game contest.
Jason Kidd had just made a backdoor layup , Kerry Kittles had hit a 3-pointer , and the Nets , down by 11 points moments earlier , were within 4 with three minutes to play. And at times , it did look easy for the Spurs to shut down the Nets. Locking down one of the league ' s most revved-up offenses , San Antonio defeated the Nets , 84-79. With Parker hounding Kidd , Bruce Bowen smothering Richard Jefferson and with the Nets ' three centers combining for only 4 points , the Nets shot 37 percent on their home court.
The first New York-bred to win the Kentucky Derby will break from the No. While a crowded field puts a premium on luck and tactics , especially in a mile-and-a-half race like the Belmont , small fields have been kind to powerful horses with high cruising speeds like Funny Cide. Six of the last eight Triple Crown winners led at every call in the Belmont Stakes , including the last four winners. In 1977 , Seattle Slew defeated seven opponents , as did Citation in 1948. Perhaps more than any other Triple Crown race , the Belmont places a premium on the strong hand and split-second decisions of a jockey.
Major League Baseball , which has labored for several seasons under suspicion that some of its star players were using steroids , said Thursday that in the first year of testing for steroids more than 5 percent of players ' tests were positive. From 5 to 7 percent of the 1 , 438 random , anonymous tests of players on major league teams ' 40-man rosters this year were positive , baseball said , triggering testing for the 2004 season that could result in penalties against players. Though the number of positive tests ranged from 70 to 100 , it was unclear how many players tested positive.
Barbara Schwartz of Austria , a quarterfinalist at the 1999 French Open , outlasted Martina Muller of Germany , 5-7 , 6-3 , 7-6 ( 3 ) yesterday in Crotona Park to win her first title since coming back from an elbow injury that had sidelined her for almost 18 months. In the following match , Bjorn Phau of Germany won the men ' s final over Andy Ram of Israel , 6-2 , 6-4 , for his first professional title. Phau , 21 , hopes to match the success of last year ' s men ' s winner here , Hyung Taik Lee , who rode that victory into the Round of 16 at the United States Open.
But more than that , the ugly confrontation has been made into a referendum on the popularity of a game whose star power has been largely driven by African-American athletes who have become millionaires. I don ' t have a whole lot of Muhammad Alis around , guys willing to sacrifice for the well-being of the group. " The reaction to the brawl is the first major battle in a war that will only accelerate in June , when the league ' s collective bargaining agreement expires. Hunter ' s challenge will be to galvanize a membership that has never , except for the lockout , shown any signs of activism.
 " There is no goaltending issue here , " Coach Robbie Ftorek said when asked about his goaltending tandem. " Brodeur ' s start in the Devils ' 3-2 victory over the Colorado Avalanche here Saturday night was his seventh in a row , and he is slated to start Tuesday night ' s game at Washington , where the Devils will complete a five-game trip , their longest of the season. Brodeur was close to brilliant in a victory at Dallas last Wednesday , but he had an average game in a loss to Phoenix on Thursday night. The coaches stayed with Brodeur for the game here Saturday night , and he justified their decision with another brilliant game , his 24 saves helping the Devils to their fourth victory in the last six games as they improved their record to 13-7-1.
In contrast to the well-oiled machinery of United States women ' s soccer on and off the field , the simple act of catching the Mexican team bus can turn into an action movie. The Mexican team found itself stranded at its training center , miles from the stadium. Eligibility rules have always been an elastic -- and sometimes abused -- aspect of international soccer. David Regis , a Frenchman , played for the United States men in the 1998 World Cup because he married an American woman and had his American citizenship expedited under a law usually reserved for the families of servicemen.
His firm , Thomas H. Lee Partners , had just wrapped up the final details of its most prominent and perhaps riskiest deal ever: a stunning $2. 6 billion buyout of Warner Music led by Wall Street ' s favorite whipping boy , Edgar Bronfman Jr. After all , the music industry is plagued by piracy , mired in a three-year sales slump and may be in what some describe as a death spiral. We ' re not ignorant of these questions. Obviously , Thomas H. Lee Partners , a firm based in Boston firm that manages about $14 billion and whose holdings include the publisher of The National Enquirer , has a lot riding on the deal.
If the weather is the X factor in Saturday ' s 128th running of the Travers Stakes , it is not bothering David Hofmans , the trainer of the favorite , Awesome Again. Hofmans may have lost the top 3-year-old colt in the country , Touch Gold , who won the Belmont Stakes and the Haskell Invitational but was withdrawn from the Travers because of a cut on his left front foot , but the trainer simply promoted his understudy to first string. " And now , they have the stage to themselves while the Triple Crown celebrities -- Silver Charm , Touch Gold and Free House -- are home in California mending from their punishing rivalry in the Kentucky Derby , Preakness and Belmont Stakes.
The lengthy mating dance among European stock exchanges may be entering its final whirl , as a potential American takeover of the London Stock Exchange has driven two rival exchange operators , Euronext and Deutsche Börse , into serious merger talks. On Wednesday , Deutsche Börse welcomed Euronext ' s expression of interest in striking a deal that would create a pan-European company with a dominant franchise in derivatives trading. Deutsche Börse , which operates the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , wants a merger of equals that would create " a global market leader in the industry. " It would be the world ' s largest market for futures and options trading.
The Knicks allowed the Nets to slip into their coveted blue collars tonight. The Nets turned into a quicker , slicker version of the lunch-pail guys in a role reversal that had to be unsettling for the Knicks. They not only lost , 103-98 , at the Meadowlands , but also fell into a tie with the Nets for second place in the Atlantic Division. It was clear in the statistics. The Knicks might not have liked the officiating , but there was no excuse for watching the Nets bully their way to the free-throw line 50 times , while the Knicks stepped up just 20 and hit only 11 of those attempts.
Final Four a month ago , and will now try to catch on with the Giants. The Giants signed him as a free agent after the draft. Starting May 13 , when the Giants conduct a rookie minicamp for their seven draft choices and the players they signed after the draft , the team will see how well Lewis can block as an offensive tackle or , perhaps , catch as a tight end. Converting players from other sports is not a new tack for the N. F. L. For years , the preferred targets were track stars like the sprinters-turned-receivers Bob Hayes and Renaldo Nehemiah.
In an effort to raise the level of marathon running in the United States , the Boston-based New Balance Athletic Shoe Inc. , announced yesterday that it would award $1 million to the American man or woman who can break the existing national records in the 26.  " We ' re an American company , and it bothers us that in the past few years , you go to Boston or New York and it ' s always someone from another country who wins , " said Jim Davis , the president and chief executive of New Balance , who announced the million-dollar challenge yesterday in Manhattan. "
The entry fee was a $3 billion order for 50 aircraft to be built by Boeing , a mismanaged U. S. company that cannot turn a decent profit on the orders already on its books. The big money -- $60 billion to build nuclear power plants -- goes to Westinghouse and other U. S. firms , which will make our nuclear policy dependent on the good will of Beijing. A mere bump on the road to the summit was China ' s record of mendacity about transferring nuclear and missile technology to Pakistan and Iran. Our President , bonding to the man whose Great Wall he needs for a photo-op before next November ' s elections , extracted " clear assurances " that China will not do what it insists it never did but promises to stop.
Maels Rodriguez , a hard-throwing right-hander , and second baseman Yobal Duenas defected from Cuba last Saturday and are seeking asylum in an undisclosed country , following the route of previous Cuban defectors who went on to make millions in major league baseball. Cuba left him off its roster for this summer ' s Pan American Games , and Oquendo and other scouts suspected it was out of fear he would defect. He set Cuba ' s season strikeout record with 263 in 178 1/3 innings three years ago. Rodriguez was 8-3 in 113 innings with 117 strikeouts and a 3.
A study by the University of Washington indicated that 100 million Americans make New Year ' s resolutions , with weight loss at the top of the list , and that close to 40 percent of them will lapse by early March. The Biospecifics Technologies Corporation in Lynbrook has isolated an enzyme that appears to literally melt fat. I was doing research using the naturally occurring enzyme collagenase to debrade intestinal scar tissue in rats. Collagenase occurs in the body and breaks down collagen , the major component in skin , scar tissue and fat.  " After I noticed this side effect , I began testing the enzyme on Zucker rats , which are genetically overweight , to see if it could melt any kind of fat , and the tests came out positive , " Dr. Garut said.
Q: You launch a vigorous attack on Darwin in your new book , " Evolution ' s Rainbow: Diversity , Gender and Sexuality in Nature and People. " The proposition is clearly nonsense. You ' re a professor of biology at Stanford who believes many animals look for same-sex partners. There are 300 vertebrate species in which homosexual relationships are a regular part of the natural social system. And how can you discredit Darwin ' s widely accepted ideas on natural selection ? The issue is whether scientists are really telling the truth , or whether they are playing to the market , which is what they are doing in the case of homosexuality.
MAZON. COM has ordered 181 acres of holiday wrapping paper and 2 , 494 miles of red satin ribbon -- just in case. And it has built four new automated warehouses that give it the capacity to pack , wrap and ship nearly a million boxes a day. com , the most popular store on the Internet. This holiday season , Mr. Bezos said , Amazon will send more packages -- perhaps in excess of 15 million -- to more people than any mail order company in the country. But this holiday season -- in which millions of people will do their first online shopping -- Amazon will also have far more competition than ever.
But today , Jeff Kent not only said that he and Barry Bonds had more encounters than the news media knew about , but he also advocated such behavior among teammates as a way of spurring players to better performances and teams to greater success. Kent , however , has moved on to the Houston Astros , leaving Bonds behind. It was cited as hard evidence that the two sluggers disliked each other so much that they liked slugging each other as much as they enjoyed whacking baseballs.  " You guys thought it was the only time we ever did that , " Kent told two reporters in the Astros ' clubhouse , speaking of reporters generally. "
With more foresight , organizers could have prepared for faster men ' s and women ' s 100-meter races and greater publicity for a sport that is dying in this country -- and for a Goodwill Games that is also essentially flying below the public radar. 83 seconds , according to conversion tables used by track and field officials. Gail Devers , the two-time Olympic champion , withdrew , citing a tendon injury in her leg. In the decathlon , Chris Huffins , a native of Brooklyn , held a slim lead over Dan O ' Brien , the 1996 Olympic champion , after five events.
Stepping into the heart of an organization grown wary of Republicans , Secretary of State Colin L. Powell sought today to assure Secretary General Kofi Annan that he could count on the Bush administration ' s strong support across a wide spectrum of United Nations activities. General Powell , who requested the meeting before his trip to the Middle East , discussed Iraq , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and other issues with Mr. Annan for more than an hour. The secretary of state , who praised Richard C. Holbrooke , the former American envoy to the United Nations , for his work in solving , at least in large part , the problem of American debts to the organization , went further than most Republicans in pledging to cooperate with the United Nations in working on social and economic problems.
Stock prices continued to plow ahead yesterday as investors gained more confidence that the days and weeks of instability that were the norm from mid-July until late September are over.  " There is a continued belief the Fed will ease interest rates again , " he added. " And mutual-fund inflows continue. " The Dow Jones industrial average yesterday rose 114. It was the fourth consecutive session to end with a gain for the blue-chip gauge and the first time it has closed above 8 , 700 points since Aug. 18. For the year , the Dow is up slightly more than 10 percent.
Eight inches had fallen in recent days. And he became the fifth driver to win both events at Lowe ' s , joining Jeff Gordon ( 1997 ) , Dale Earnhardt ( 1993 ) , Davey Allison ( 1991 ) and Darrell Waltrip ( 1985 ). Nascar ' s rules sent him back to the rear of the pack after he changed his engine after qualifying on Friday. A crash that took out four cars -- Ricky Craven , Elliott Sadler , John Andretti and the rookie Larry Foyt ' s -- brought out a caution on Lap 265. Track officials had gone so far as to use helicopters to fly over the fields to try to dry them.
Armstrong , a Texan who is seeking his fifth consecutive Tour victory , and his United States Postal Service teammates were content to mark time today , waiting for their first sight of the mountains , where Armstrong is his most relentless. The winner , for the third time in four sprint finishes , was Alessandro Petacchi , an Italian with Fassa Bortolo.  " Ouf , " Mengin acknowledged. "
The seven-story brick block , a subsidized residence for the elderly run by Catholic Charities of Brooklyn , towers above the bodegas , little shops and modest houses of this blue-collar neighborhood of Italians , Hasidic Jews and , most recently , immigrants from Russia. The black cake , with cherries and currants. " THE KINDNESS OF STRANGERS Demand for Caregivers Outstrips the Supply Despite the growth of continuing care communities and nursing homes , most of the elderly live at home , often alone. Without the care of someone like Ms. Arthur , Mrs. Russo could not remain in her home , surrounded by her possessions.
With markets crashing , banks shuddering and the Government imploding , Russians may not feel the urgent need for a lecture from President Clinton about economic reform. Most Russians have been waiting a long time for the long run. During earlier decades , they endured Soviet five-year plans that dangled impossible promises of the golden Communist banquet where everyone would share more or less equally in the great national harvest. As the Soviet center fell apart in 1991 , the old system gave way to a tender young democracy and an increasingly beastly form of capitalism. Now , faced with a reality that is increasingly painful to millions of people , Russia seems altogether too ready to decide that the Western reforms -- at least as their leaders and their shadow government of businessmen boyars practiced them -- were just another faulty experiment. "
The result , in some spots , is layer upon layer of well-preserved penguin remains dating back thousands of years. It ' s a treasure trove , not for archaeologists , but for scientists studying how penguin DNA has changed -- a timeline of evolution on a molecular scale. Scientists from New Zealand and Italy sequenced portions of mitochondrial DNA from 96 penguin bones that were up to 6 , 400 years old , and from 380 blood samples of living penguins. The researchers , who reported on their work in the journal Science , found mutations occurring at a relatively fast clip.
Now he says " thank God I was , " for he got to coach his daughter , Renee , at Ole Miss and win the Southeastern Conference title against Pat Summitt and go on to the first two championships in the Women ' s National Basketball Association with Cynthia Cooper and Sheryl Swoopes. A. male coach , the number of whom will reach five ( out of 12 ) when the Liberty , as expected , announces Richie Adubato as Nancy Darsch ' s successor tomorrow in New York. The last four league vacancies , in fact , have gone to men , as have a couple ( K. C. Jones and Jim Cleamons ) in the rival American Basketball League.
Elliott will ride regularly this spring and summer at Monmouth Park , which begins an 87-day meet on Saturday. Although Monmouth does not have the purses or cachet of a Belmont Park or Saratoga or Santa Anita in California , it is a step up from Philadelphia Park and has often served as a proving ground for riders who went on to stardom elsewhere. Monmouth graduates include Jorge Velasquez , Julie Krone , Craig Perret , Jorge Chavez , Chris Antley and Bill Hartack. Eibar Coa , a two-time Monmouth riding champion , is another jockey who will command top mounts.
AT Harry ' s Farmers Market stores , the tomatoes and melons may well have been on the vine 24 hours ago. Employees who work with perishables are screened for viruses and infectious bacteria that could find their way onto an artichoke or a head of cabbage. The baguettes are hot , the ads memorable. 7 million last year on sales of $146 million , bad news by almost any standard. And that was its best financial performance in four years , a period in which it has lost more than $23 million. 375 on Nasdaq. Harry ' s operates three warehouse-size stores that specialize in fresh produce and meat -- and don ' t even bother to stock toothpaste or soap.
And on Wednesday , Sutton drew more attention by allowing Phil Mickelson to skip practice while his 11 teammates were on the course at Oakland Hills Country Club. Mickelson is approaching the Ryder Cup like a major championship , and he does not normally practice the Wednesday before majors. Not every captain would have the gumption to honor Mickelson ' s request and hope he plays his best golf this weekend. Sutton was more interested in winning than appearances , and he made that clear Wednesday when someone suggested that Mickelson ' s absence was unfair to fans attending the practice round.
President Mikhail Saakashvili of Georgia warned the Bush administration on Thursday that Russia was trying to assert greater control over his country , a former republic in the old Soviet Union. Despite rising tensions , however , he said he would seek to resolve differences with Moscow peacefully.  " Georgia cannot and will not solve this problem with violence , " said Mr. Saakashvili , in a visit to the United States that coincided with renewed charges and countercharges over Russia ' s involvement in the drive for secession in two Georgia provinces. " On Thursday , he met with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell and Condoleezza Rice , the national security adviser.
In his first three seasons in the major leagues , Rey Ordonez seemed to be the personification of the good-field , no-hit shortstop. Ordonez did hit. 242 average -- has developed into a major league hitter. Since being benched April 23 for throwing a tantrum , Ordonez has raised his batting average 124 points to an All-Star-like. 294. In the balloting by fans for the National League ' s starting lineup , Ordonez barely trails Cincinnati ' s Barry Larkin. After Ordonez went 3 for 4 with three runs scored and two runs batted in Sunday in a 9-6 comeback victory in St. Louis , Valentine stopped just short of saying there was a connection between the April benching and his shortstop ' s current streak.
-- By far the least well-received speaker at the conference was Jamie Kellner , chairman and chief executive at Turner Broadcasting System , part of AOL Time Warner. Attendees loudly complained that his presentation amounted to little more than a sales pitch for the networks he oversees , principally WB , which AOL Time Warner owns with the Tribune Company. The association has striven to avoid self-serving speakers since 1999 , when it ended a three-year experiment of letting media companies promote themselves if they paid $100 , 000 for a place on the program. The focus of Mr. Kellner ' s spiel , er , speech was the not particularly novel observation that networks with programming attractive to younger viewers were more desirable to marketers than those with older viewers. "
The online tax debate has suddenly become loud and bitter , with Wal-Mart Stores and Amazon. But the recent activity over Internet sales taxes may have only minimal impact on consumers and tax collectors , many retail executives and industry analysts say. That is because many of the biggest traditional merchants , including Sears , Roebuck; Gap; and Circuit City Stores , have long been collecting sales taxes from their online customers. And the biggest online tax resistors -- Amazon , eBay and Dell Computer -- seem unlikely to start collecting sales taxes any time soon. The Internet tax debate has drawn considerable publicity in light of recent moves by a group of states to propose a simplified uniform tax code to stimulate collection of online sales taxes , as well as decisions by Wal-Mart , Target , Toys " R " Us and other big retailing chains to begin collecting such taxes.
This is merely my gut feeling , based on vicarious observation of the people filing into Giants Stadium Friday night to watch the ghastly 34-7 defeat to Carolina.  " More than a week , " Reeves said Friday night , discussing the time the Giants have to adjust for Sunday night ' s home opener against Buffalo. The Kickoff Classic between Penn State and U. S. C. is today in Giants Stadium. The people who actually paid for the Giants ' season tickets -- and must accept exhibition tickets as part of the deal -- now gear up their critical faculties and their leather lungs for a game that counts. "
IN a week in which even the Federal Reserve wizard , Alan Greenspan , could not conjure a sustained stock market rally , media stocks rose more and remained higher than most others. While most stock indexes fell back into negative territory by Friday ' s close , an index of 43 top media companies ended the week up 8. The Bloomberg Media Index , which includes newspaper , radio , cable and cable programming companies ( including The New York Times Company ) , was at 106 last Tuesday , the day before the market rally precipitated by news on Wednesday afternoon that Mr. Greenspan and his colleagues at the Fed approved an interest rate cut.
Hear Augusta National ' s yellow flags flapping on each green. " Unlike the Scottish links courses and other seaside courses such as Pebble Beach , Augusta National is not known for its winds. Perhaps the most disruptive winds blew in 1956 when Ken Venturi , then an amateur and the third-round leader , soared to an 80 in the final round as Jack Burke Jr. somehow shot a 71 , one of only two subpar rounds that day , and won by a stroke. Mize actually shot a three-under-par 285 for 72 holes , then won on the second hole of a playoff when he chipped in for a birdie 3 at the 11th hole , shocking Greg Norman , who then missed his long birdie putt.
" We are going to start by demolishing the British Embassy , " said Ulrich Lissek , pointing to a squat building opposite his office. " Mr. Lissek may sound like a holdover from some 1960 ' s revolutionary movement , but he is in fact the chief spokesman for Deutsche Telekom , the now privatized German telecommunications company that is in the vanguard of an unlikely plan to transform Bonn ' s culture from bureaucratic stodginess to Silicon-Valley sprightliness. But it is the one making the rounds here as Telekom and its various subsidiaries buy up great swaths of real estate , computer company start-ups multiply , and an Internet banking group thrives.
The Knicks continued discussions with the Philadelphia 76ers today , and might be closing in on a deal to obtain Keith Van Horn. Knicks General Manager Scott Layden and his Philadelphia counterpart , Billy King , spoke again at the Reebok Pro Summer League today. A league official said the snag might not be any part of a deal that could include sending Kurt Thomas and Charlie Ward to Philadelphia. The Knicks are believed to have tried to include Latrell Sprewell in a deal with Philadelphia , but the Sixers are believed to have rejected that. The Knicks have tried other avenues to pursue a center , scouring the remaining free-agent market with Brad Miller of Indiana still the best big man left on the market.
Swirling winds during the first round of the JAL Big Apple Classic had players donning sweaters and reaching for longer clubs. Indeed , the wind that swept across the golf course at the Wykagyl Country Club at up to 20 miles an hour sent scores soaring. In all , 18 players were in the 80 ' s. By contrast , only one player shot 80 during all four rounds of last year ' s JAL Big Apple. But this year it was moved from July to October to accommodate NBC ' s coverage of the Summer Olympics and reduced from its customary 72 holes to 54 , with the final round on Saturday.
 " They didn ' t want to give him any space toward the baseline where he could rise up and shoot , " Coach Jeff Van Gundy said after his team practiced and watched film for three hours at a Miami fitness center today. " When it mattered , when the Heat was building its 20-point lead in the first half , the Knicks were outrebounded by 26-16 and allowed the Heat to hit 47 percent of its 3-point shots. The Knicks collapsed on him , Mourning kicked it out and created open 3-pointers for Hardaway , Majerle and Voshon Lenard.
As usual , many of the corporate scandals , economic ups and downs , market movements , bankruptcies and other events and incidents elicited telling remarks by executives and public figures. Enron robbed the bank. It would be unthinkable to deprive people of my expertise. " Crooks are going to be crooks at any company , but we have executives of very high integrity. " There is no question that the recent controversy has caused many on the staff to lose confidence in my ability to steer this organization. " At the end of the day , it ' s good for our industry and it ' s good for the American people. "
CVC , the Texas Pacific Group and Merrill Lynch made a long-awaited bid for the Debenhams department stores today , valuing the chain at £1. 67 billion ) , 7 percent more than a rival bid. Shareholders are hoping the offer will be the beginning of a bidding war. 1 percent premium to a May bid of £1. 54 billion by a consortium of Permira , a private equity firm based in London , the Blackstone Group and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners. The Permira group said in a statement to the London Stock Exchange today that it was " considering its position. "
In a deal that expands one telecommunications company and simplifies another , Airtouch Communications said yesterday that it would acquire the domestic cellular properties of the U S West Media Group for $2. 2 billion in assumed debt. The acquisition was not a surprise since the two companies signed a three-step agreement in 1994 that would have transferred U S West ' s cellular assets to Airtouch by the middle of this year. But the timing was accelerated and the financial structure was changed to allow U S West to spin off the $2. 8 billion in Airtouch stock to its shareholders , rather than holding a continuing interest in the company.
THE Justice Department has given a consortium of eight companies and Columbia University a green light to combine 27 patents into a single portfolio and license the inventions under the direction of one administrator. A spokesman for the Justice Department said the decision on Thursday appeared to be the first time its antitrust division had approved such a patent clearinghouse. The patents relate to a technology known as MPEG-2 for compressing digital video and audio data. The acronym is derived from the Motion Picture Expert Group , an organization created in 1988 to design technical standards for squeezing large amounts of data into digital transmissions by limiting the information that must be sent contiguously.
Wires as thin as toothpicks , wires as thick as thumbs. In her regular management job with Verizon Communications , the country ' s largest local telephone company , Ms. Macpherson kept track of utilities regulations imposed by state agencies. The fundamental product created and sold by Verizon and its 260 , 000 employees. Ms. Macpherson is one of about 30 , 000 managers who have been filling in for more than 86 , 000 unionized workers at Verizon offices from Maine to Virginia , pinch-hitting on union jobs that range from answering 411 calls to fixing aerial cables. And after several days of the work , many of them said that while they were not siding with the unions , they had a new appreciation for the work of its members.
Many people think so , especially if they happen to be among the investors who couldn ' t get into the offering at the start. New research , however , suggests that investors who troll the markets for such bargains should pay close attention to a simple figure -- a company ' s cash flow. Lawrence G. Graev , the chief executive , said it prepared the study because it has private equity fund clients who often provide financing to battered , newly public companies. The firm considered all the new issues of 1994 , excluding penny stocks , American depository receipts and closed-end funds , and their performance at the end of 1996.
 " He wound up being a shepherd for a week or two , chasing down stray sheep and living with the Bedouin , " said Frederic C. Hof , a retired Army officer and author on the Middle East who recalls reading Mr. Crocker ' s official report on the trip when they were in language training. Mr. Crocker , President Bush ' s choice as the new ambassador to Iraq , has brought the same intensity to his three-decade diplomatic career , amassing a record of Middle East and South Asia experience possibly unrivaled in the United States Foreign Service.
After a tumultuous week in which they lost a legend and hired his replacement , the Jets caught their breath yesterday. Bradway , the former vice president for player personnel for the Kansas City Chiefs , expects to return to New York this afternoon and begin the most pressing task of his young tenure: hiring a coach. He is to interview Maurice Carthon , the Jets ' assistant head coach , for the job tomorrow. Dom Capers , Jacksonville ' s defensive coordinator , and the head coach of the Carolina Panthers from 1995 to 1998 , may be interviewed this weekend , too.
And now , more American companies are doing it , too: wresting board chairmanships away from chief executives. According to executive recruiting firm Russell Reynolds Associates , 29 percent of the companies in the S. &amp; P. have separated the jobs , up from 21 percent five years ago. Some , like Disney , were forced by shareholders to decouple the roles. The insurance industry may soon give companies a financial incentive to split the top jobs , too. " Companies that do decouple the roles are starting to ask for discounts. " Many shareholders say such splits are overdue. "
The five victories that Rutgers brought into today ' s game against West Virginia have helped erase the stigma of last year ' s season without a victory. With representatives from the Liberty Bowl in attendance , Rutgers had more than just the game on the line when the sophomore quarterback Mike McMahon dropped back to pass. While West Virginia ' s players and coaches spoke afterward of subpar efforts , Rutgers ( 5-5 ) was left with the realization that for all of the improvement , the season would most likely end without a bowl bid. The Scarlet Knights will finish the season next week at Virginia Tech.
Art. Wildlife. Under a window is a fifth-century stone tablet with Greek and Hebrew inscriptions. A four-foot-high bronze menorah stands by his desk. Five years ago , he walked away from his position as one of the most prominent hedge fund managers on Wall Street. As the manager of nearly $5 billion in the early 1990 ' s , he stacked up an impressive long-term record , with an average annual return of 31 percent , before fees , from 1967 to 1995. But the final years were choppy. He and his partners paid more than $70 million in fines to settle charges of collusion in a Treasury note-trading scandal , but he said he did not admit guilt.
The Pentagon ' s inspector general concluded this week that Richard N. Perle violated no ethics laws or rules when he was leading an influential Pentagon advisory board while at the same timerepresenting two companies in their dealings with the government. But Mr. Perle has become the focus of an inquiry being conducted by Hollinger International , the media conglomerate , where he serves as a director. The inquiry is being led by Richard C. Breeden , the former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The inspector general ' s conclusions were in a heavily excised report dated Nov. 10 that was released on Friday by Representative John Conyers of Michigan , the ranking Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee , who requested the inquiry after reports about Mr. Perle ' s business dealings.
For the second time in less than two weeks , the Nets lost a game in the closing seconds on a strange play. How the Nets lost to Portland , 98-97 , here Tuesday night in the final game of a five-game Western swing was mind-boggling. 4 SECONDS Jayson Williams knocks the rebound of Cassell ' s miss out of bounds off Portland center Arvydas Sabonis , giving the Nets another chance. Nets Coach John Calipari loves the play , but not its timing. " 4 SECONDS Portland ' s Rasheed Wallace fouls Kerry Kittles on the ensuing inbounds pass from Askew.
1 closer and their starting shortstop , the Yankees renewed their contracts , as they may do under the collective bargaining agreement. Jeter and Rivera will each get $750 , 000 in 1998 , a raise of more than 35 percent for both. The agent for Rivera , Jim Bronner , indicated that there is a chance something could be worked out with his client , and Brian Cashman , the Yankees ' general manager , said that he would continue to work toward multiyear deals. Based on the salaries of the projected 25-man roster , the Yankees have amassed a payroll of $63.
For years it was mostly the stuff of science fiction. But now communications technology has advanced to the point where sensors , machines and computers are beginning to talk to each other wirelessly in ways that could dwarf traffic between familiar devices like cellphones. Wireless networks of sensors and machinery have long been used in a handful of critical tasks like air traffic control. Other systems under development monitor stresses on aging bridges to help states decide maintenance priorities , and warn when oil tanker equipment is in danger of failing. Hans Mulder , associate director for research at Intel , which has invested heavily in developing chips for wireless communications , says wireless chatter among sensors and machines " will be pervasive in 20 years. "
These Yankees not only win World Series ( in pairs , now ) , they also hug in public. There is the sheer joy of a city celebrating a championship from out of a void -- a Stanley Cup in Detroit or Dallas , a basketball title in San Antonio , a Super Bowl in Denver. Happiness is different around the Yankees , with all the championship banners and the monuments in center field , the echo of history still booming under the eaves. Yankee fans have their form of happiness , a loud and lusty celebration of excellence. In 1996 it was fresh and new , but by this year , inevitably , it has matured or hardened a bit , into a sense of entitlement , totally justified by the way the Yankees just stomped all over the Braves in four games.
While the country ' s attention has focused on Kosovo , American warplanes have methodically and with virtually no public discussion been attacking Iraq. In the last eight months , American and British pilots have fired more than 1 , 100 missiles against 359 targets in Iraq. That is triple the targets attacked in four furious days of strikes in December that followed Iraq ' s expulsion of United Nations weapons inspectors. That assault , by contrast , provoked international outrage. By another measure , the pilots have flown about two-thirds as many missions as NATO pilots flew over Yugoslavia in 78 days of around-the-clock war there.
Now golf is serious business for Gamez , particularly this week at the PGA Tour qualifying tournament , where the top 35 finishers in the 167-player field will secure full-time playing privileges on the Tour for next year. After today ' s third round of the six-round event , Gamez was in a strong position at 11 under par ( 205 ) , tied for 12th place , seven strokes behind the leader , Pat Perez ( 18 under ). Perez shot a nine-under-par 63 today at Bear Lakes Country Club. com Tour , Gamez knows the glamorous life of the PGA Tour.
Perhaps worried that people would take shots at him again for paying close attention to off-the-court matters , O ' Neal at first denied the meeting he and his agent , Leonard Armato , had with the producers and top management of the league ' s marketing arm. He may sound a few fries short of a Happy Meal , but Shaq and his agent have big plans. Adam Silver , the president and chief operating officer of N. B.  " It ' s a way for us to get more story ideas and a way for him to see who we are and what exactly we do , " said Silver , who added that many of the league ' s stars visit the offices during the season. "
Mr. Martin ' s interview in this San Francisco suburb was conducted by computer , making him a participant in a trend in retail hiring. Dozens of big-name retailers , including Target , Hollywood Video , Macy ' s and Longs Drug Stores , are replacing paper applications and in-person interviews with computer kiosks in the initial screening of applicants. The computer programs query prospective employees on job history and work habits. They then typically delve into psychological tests that the companies say can help match job skills and personalities with openings. Employers say the automation gives them an edge in the tight labor market , enabling them to sift through applications quickly , weed out duds , identify talent and , as in the case of Mr. Martin , attract candidates who might not otherwise have taken time to apply.
The shot not only electrified the 41 , 340 on hand at Tropicana Field; it lifted the Blue Devils , 37-1 and winners of 32 straight games , another step on the ladder of excellence. Monday night , against Connecticut , Duke will play in its sixth championship game , and try to win its third title , under Coach Mike Krzyzewski. It also kept Blue Devil Airlines flying: Nannerl O. Keohane , the university ' s president , and Joe Alleva , its athletic director , have chartered a plane to experience the rare pleasure of seeing Duke ' s women ' s team play in its title game against Purdue on Sunday night in San Jose , Calif. , and return here on Monday in time for the men to complete a hoped-for double.
GET ready to pay higher commissions to trade stocks. And , believe it or not , the change may actually be good for you. Two months ago , the Nasdaq stock market switched to pricing stocks in pennies , instead of in fractions. To many investors , the alteration probably seemed cosmetic , although helpful , because it freed big and small investors alike from the irritating necessity of converting fractions into decimals. But the switch is actually causing big changes in the way stocks are traded , and its impact will probably grow over the next couple of years. That is because decimalization , as professional investors call the changeover , has sharply shrunk the spread on Nasdaq stocks.
Following is a transcript of President Bush ' s address to the nation last night , as recorded by The New York Times: Tonight in Iraq , the Armed Forces of the United States are engaged in a struggle that will determine the direction of the global war on terror and our safety here at home. The new strategy I outline tonight will change America ' s course in Iraq , and help us succeed in the fight against terror. We thought that these elections would bring the Iraqis together , and that as we trained Iraqi security forces , we could accomplish our mission with fewer American troops.
Enron in 2001. The ruptures suffered by each of these companies have one thing in common: some confusion on the part of directors , managers , auditors , creditors or shareholders about how the business dealt with the complex financial instruments known as derivatives. Derivatives are contracts based on the changeable value of underlying securities , or other variables that can range from interest rates and currencies to energy prices and the weather. They can be used to reduce risk or to increase it , and they have become a standard feature on big companies ' balance sheets. Yet understanding how they work , how to account for them , and how they can affect the bottom line of a business is not always straightforward.
Qwest Communications , the Midwest regional telecommunications giant , has agreed to pay $250 million to settle a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into its accounting practices , the company ' s union said yesterday. The settlement is among the largest ever reached by the S. E. C. , although far short of the $750 million levied last year against Worldcom , which now does business as MCI. A company spokesman , Bob Toevs , said only that " Qwest continues in its efforts to cooperate with the S. E. C. and the D. O. J. in their respective investigations. "
The Giants were trailing by 4 points and on the verge of falling further behind.  " We were on our heels , " the Giants ' defensive coordinator , John Fox , said of the Redskins ' second-quarter surge. " For most of the rest of the game , the Giants ' defensive front four controlled the line of scrimmage. In the end , a harassing Giants defense -- a trademark of the team a year ago -- had left its imprint on another victory. But when your defensive line is combining for eight sacks , as the Giants ' line did Sunday , then turnovers will be an unavoidable byproduct.
 " Hold onto a little more change , " is the tag line of one ad that shows a wet piece of Charmin Basic holding the weight of two silver dollars. And , while Procter is among just a handful of companies introducing downmarket versions of upmarket brands , it has a lot more company when it comes to advertising to a budget-minded nation. Indeed , consumer products companies are addressing cost-consciousness with a zeal usually associated with recessions , not economic recoveries. Some cite high gas prices , which continue to pinch middle-class budgets ( the Greater Cleveland Regional Transit Authority has posted highway billboards , and broadcast some radio ads , reminding drivers that taking trains can ease the pain of skyrocketing gas prices ).
TiVo , which helped introduce the digital video recorder , or DVR , in 1999 , now faces an onslaught of competition from cable system and satellite operators , which are quickly eroding TiVo ' s once-dominant market share. In late May , the company announced a first-quarter loss of more than $9 million , despite a 21 percent rise in revenues , to $25. TiVo ' s stock price has fallen from its high this year of almost $13 to close at $4. Adding to those woes was the disclosure last week that TiVo would lose its exclusive deal to supply DVR technology to the satellite operator DirecTV , which has been its largest source of new customers.
The Yankees , moving to fill a bullpen hole that was exposed in Sunday ' s dramatic loss to the Mets , tentatively agreed to trade two minor leaguers to the Montreal Expos in return for the veteran reliever Ugueth Urbina , according to several major league executives. The Yankees would send infielder D ' Angelo Jimenez and pitcher Brandon Knight , who were both with Class AAA Columbus , to the Expos. The Yankees have scuttled tentative deals before because of medical concerns , most notably a trade for Greg Vaughn in 1997. " Knight and Jimenez left the Columbus team today.
Japan ' s unemployment rate fell to a six-year low in November and industrial production picked up , offering evidence that the nation ' s recovery is continuing , although at a significantly slower pace than earlier in the year. The jobless rate fell to 4. 7 percent rate in October. At the same time , industrial production rose from October to November at a seasonally adjusted rate of 1. 5 percent , led by expanded output of electronic equipment , steel and manufacturing machinery for semiconductors. The positive figures were welcome after a series of disappointing data , including recent growth figures based on a new calculation method that showed Japan skidding toward recession in the second half of this year.
MARK McGWIRE repeatedly copped out under questioning by Congressional lawmakers , saying he wasn ' t there to " talk about the past , " a hint that steroids helped him hit 70 home runs in 1998. Commissioner Bud Selig and the players union leader Donald Fehr were unable to defend the weaknesses in Major League Baseball ' s steroids-testing agreement. On the apparent assumption that maybe nobody will notice , it has usually ignored or tolerated a problem until a grand jury or a federal arbitrator intervenes or , as in Thursday ' s hearings , Congress notices. Until confronted with or challenged by indictments , labor rulings or Congress , baseball has often considered itself outside , if not above , the law of the land.
Eighteen pesh merga live here , atop a peak rising more than a mile in the sky , in seven stone bunkers that would fit inside a circle 45 feet wide. It is one spot on a front descending from Shinerwe Mountain to the valley ' s floor , pitting the pesh merga against the Islamic fighters of Ansar al Islam , a group connected to Al Qaeda. Halat Karim Agha , 32 , is the son of Karim Agha , 75 , who lives along northern Iraq ' s other front , 85 miles away , which separates Kurdish-controlled Iraq from territory ruled by Saddam Hussein.
Watching the radar gun light up at 95 miles an hour when the Florida Marlins ' A. J. Burnett threw his fastball today did not faze Kevin Appier.  " I don ' t have the velocity to throw the ball by a lot of these hitters today , " Appier said after pitching his best game of the season in the Mets ' 1-0 loss to the Marlins before 22 , 483 at Pro Player Stadium. Appier rarely threw faster than 88 m. p. h. , but his control had the Marlins groping at the plate through most of his seven shutout innings.
Kansas City is expected to ask the Jets for permission to talk to Herman Edwards about its coaching vacancy. If they deny a request by the Chiefs , they risk angering Edwards , who , in addition to being the head coach , is the franchise ' s most tireless ambassador. The Jets probably could ward off the Chiefs by renegotiating Edwards ' s contract , tacking on two years to lock him up for however long it takes the team to rebuild. Woody Johnson , the Jets ' owner , said last month that he appreciated Edwards ' s efforts toward " trying to build a culture of winning " in an organization that has long looked at itself as cursed.
Juan Manuel Marquez of Mexico got off the canvas three times in the first two and a half minutes and fought Manny Pacquiao of the Philippines to a 12-round draw Saturday night in a featherweight title fight at the MGM Grand Arena. Marquez , who avoided any further knockdowns , was judged the winner by Guy Jutras of Montreal , 115-113. It was a wildly satisfying fight for the 7 , 129 people in the crowd , who saw Marquez retain his World Boxing Association and International Boxing Federation belts. Pacquiao , 25 , was widely considered the best featherweight , even though he held no titles.
She said her departure is unrelated to her health; she has successfully fought breast cancer. Berra had vowed never to return to Yankee Stadium because of the way he was fired by Steinbrenner 16 games into the 1985 season.
American League OAKLAND ATHLETICS--Recalled RHP Rich Harden from Sacramento of the PCL. Designated RHP Chad Harville for assignment. National League MONTREAL EXPOS--Placed OF Carl Everett on the 15-day DL. Northern League JOLIET JACKHAMMERS--Signed RHP Robert Garvin. National Basketball Development League FAYETTEVILLE PATRIOTS--Signed F Eric Taylor. American Basketball Association ABA--Awarded an expansion franchise to Cincinnati , to begin play in the 2004-05 season. KENTUCKY COLONELS--Named Henry Bacon coach. PORTLAND REIGN--Named Tony Bash team president. National Football League DALLAS COWBOYS--Signed S Lynn Scott. PITTSBURGH STEELERS--Re-signed OT Barrett Brooks. National Hockey League DALLAS STARS--Signed F Junior Lessard to one-year contract. National Lacrosse League PHILADELPHIA WINGS--Fired Adam Mueller , coach , and general manager Marty O ' Neill , general manager.
WHEN Jodi West woke up one Friday in May with a weepy , crusty right eye , she rinsed her face and hoped that it would clear up on its own. By the next morning , the infection had spread to both eyes , and she realized that she would have to see someone about it. I wish these clinics had been around when my son was young and getting ear infections all the time. " Now in 10 stores , the MinuteClinics aim to diagnose and treat about a dozen common ailments -- like strep throat , sinus and ear infections and seasonal allergies -- in about 15 minutes.
AS the presidential primary campaigns begin in earnest , the Iraq war is overshadowing all other issues , as it did during the midterm elections. Presidential candidates who were in the Senate in October 2002 are particularly under the microscope , as they are being called upon to justify their votes for going to war. There was no middle ground. And it was opposed by every single senator at the time who now seeks higher office. A mere 10 hours before the roll was called on the administration-backed Iraq war resolution , the Senate had an opportunity to prevent the current catastrophe in Iraq and to salvage the United States ' international standing.
Chicago ' s reputation as the capital of the nation ' s candy industry suffered another blow last week when the maker of two candy brands based here , Fannie May and Fanny Farmer , said their factory and retail stores would be closed and the brands sold to an out-of-state company. Though well-known manufacturers like Tootsie Roll Industries , the William Wrigley Jr. Company and the Willie Wonka Candy Factory are still here , Chicagoans have begun to wonder which confectioner will be the next to go.  " The closing of Fannie May isn ' t only about jobs lost , " said Mayor Richard M. Daley. "
That natural gas prices have risen 40 percent in the last month seems normal at first glance. But industry executives and analysts say that natural gas prices at today ' s levels , more than $5 per million British thermal units , underscore a fundamental shift toward consistently higher prices. 50 per million B. T. U. ' s , according to Vince White , a spokesman for Devon Energy , an oil and gas exploration and production company based in Oklahoma City. 50 to $5 per million B. T. U. ' Several factors are keeping prices up , including a paucity of large producing fields , a broad hesitancy among companies to explore new reservoirs , and the erosion of trading in electricity and natural gas in the wake of the scandals at Enron and elsewhere in the energy industry.
China disclosed Tuesday that its trade surplus surged to $11. 19 billion in March , its second-highest monthly surplus ever and a level that could feed trade frictions in advance of President Hu Jintao ' s visit to the United States next week. The surplus more than doubled over March of last year on soaring exports and slowing growth in imports , and nearly matched China ' s record monthly trade surplus of $12. The March figures were especially significant because China usually runs only modest surpluses or even deficits in the first quarter. President Hu is scheduled to visit Seattle and then Washington during a four-day visit starting April 18 , and China ' s trade and currency are likely to be issues.
But to Cover Girl , Procter &amp; Gamble ' s 43-year-old cosmetics line , it is a longtime mantra.  " We are a strong believer in inner and outer beauty , " said Anne Martin , the company ' s vice president for global cosmetics and beauty marketing , without a trace of tongue in cheek. No surprise , then , that Cover Girl has long sponsored programs to encourage young women to get involved in charitable causes. But , no matter how heartfelt , that is a hard way to get teenagers to buy lipstick. The cosmetics company has teamed with Atlantic Records to create its own record label , CG Vibes: Music That Gives Back.
On Friday , with the Madison Square Garden lights dimmed , with all other competition stopped and the music almost deafening , Hoffa will try to win the Millrose Games title for the third straight year.
Robert L. Chapman , an editor of Roget ' s Thesaurus who built a distinguished career on the difference between the right word and the almost right word and who streamlined the work for postmodern users , died Saturday in Morristown , N. J. A scholar of medieval literature who with his long face , white hair and neat beard looked every inch the part , Dr. Chapman was an emeritus professor of English at Drew University in Madison. He was also the editor of the fifth edition of Roget ' s International Thesaurus ( HarperCollins , 1992 ) , which has sold more than half a million copies , according to the publisher.
As it awaits this week ' s 79th Professional Golfers Association Championship , Winged Foot ' s West course is one of America ' s most historic. The site of four United States Open championships , in 1929 , 1959 , 1974 and 1984 , it has fooled and frustrated golfers from Bobby Jones and Ben Hogan to Arnold Palmer and Jack Nicklaus , to Tom Watson and Greg Norman. 3 Pinnacle PAR 3 , 216 YARDS 4 Sound View PAR 4 , 460 YARDS 6 El PAR 4 , 324 YARDS 7 Babe-in-the-Woods PAR 3 , 161 YARDS Johnny Miller was the defending Open champion in 1974 when he plopped his 6-iron into the deep bunker to the right of my elevated green.
He buys stocks based on news of large corporate stock buybacks , regulatory changes , initial offerings or mergers , he said. " I ' m looking for good news like improved earnings growth potential , cost cutting or new management , " Mr. Danoff added from his office in Boston. 8 percent a year , on average , for the three years through Thursday , placing in the top 9 percent of large blend funds , those that own a mix of growth and value stocks. That category lost 10. 1 percent a year , on average , compared with loss of 10 percent for the Standard &amp; Poor ' s 500-stock index , according to Morningstar Inc.
Lewis anchors the defense that suffocated the Giants in the Ravens ' 34-7 victory Sunday night in Super Bowl XXXV , finishing off an arduous four-game postseason in which the Ravens allowed just 5. But the Ravens need look no further than St. Louis for proof that the good times are fleeting. Like most teams in the National Football League in the era of free agency and the salary cap , the Ravens are likely to endure considerable change in the off-season.  " The biggest task I have being a head coach and the task that Ozzie Newsome and I have to face in this off-season is that the very nature of what we do tears at separating and breaking a team up , " Billick said today , referring to the Ravens ' vice president for player personnel. "
These are people with strong religious beliefs whose investing concerns have encouraged the development of nearly 30 funds with a religious affiliation. The funds have been introduced by organizations representing a variety of denominations: Lutheran , Roman Catholic , Islamic , Christian Scientist , evangelical Christian , Mennonite and United Methodist. Some -- like the AAL family of funds , owned by the Aid Association for Lutherans in Appleton , Wis. , and the Lutheran Brotherhood funds in Minneapolis -- are marketed and sold only to members of the Lutheran faith. But others -- among them the Timothy Plan Fund , which follows fundamentalist Christian principles , and American Trust Allegiance , a Christian Scientist fund -- are additions to a fairly new category: they screen their potential investments for companies whose practices do not offend their religious beliefs.
The great water controversy is officially over.
In what could be the start of a new trend among computer industry chiefs , both John Chambers of Cisco Systems and Larry Ellison of Oracle have invited reporters to their homes for private social events in the last two weeks. ( A third home , a palatial estate in Woodside , Calif. , is still under construction. ) Although Mr. Ellison , known for an almost obsessive rivalry with Bill Gates of Microsoft , conceded that he could not match the 38-car-garage expansiveness of Mr. Gates ' s legendary digital manse on Lake Washington outside Seattle , the Ellison house does have noteworthy electronic features.
The season hasn ' t even started , and the Detroit Tigers have already registered a victory. They scored one over Commissioner Bud Selig , and the surprising aspect of it was he let them have it. Baseball ' s impartial arbitrator may be the next to hand him a loss , that one on the John Rocker grievance. But in the Tigers ' case , Selig has been a willing accomplice. In fact , not only has Selig failed to discipline the Tigers , but he has also praised them for taking what some skeptics might see as a cosmetic step designed to get them off the hook with the man whose powers were recently enhanced so that he could fine a team $2 million.
A broad coalition of both conservative and liberal organizations expressed deep criticism today of a plan by the Federal Communications Commission to relax the rules that have restricted the nation ' s largest media conglomerates from growing bigger. The commission ' s three Republicans have already signaled their intention to support the changes. The debate is likely to continue afterward in Congress -- the five commissioners are expected to testify at a Senate hearing a few days after the vote. And some lawmakers have already begun to lay the groundwork to reverse the commission on some of the rules even before the agency has voted to change them.
The rest of the order went according to form , with Cleveland selecting sixth , the Knicks seventh , Atlanta eighth , Phoenix ninth , Miami 10th , Washington 11th , the Los Angeles Clippers 12th and the Milwaukee Bucks 13th. While much has been made about Yao Ming , the 7-foot-5 Chinese center whom many teams would select first , it is not clear what Houston will do. But Jerry Krause , the Bulls ' general manager , is leaving his options open. Naturally , several executives were disappointed , none more than Jerry West , who recently took over as president for the Memphis Grizzlies , and Scott Layden , the Knicks ' president and general manager.
Rivalries have long crisscrossed the Middle East in dizzying complexity over national ambitions , ideology , religion and oil wealth. When colonialists ruled , secular nationalists and religious fundamentalists could unite against Westerners , then make war on each other for power , whether in Egypt , Syria or Iran. Today , Islamist revolutionaries are on the rise , with most secular nationalists considered moderates. And it is religionists once considered America ' s allies against Communism who are America ' s most feared enemies. Their fighters may work in tandem against Israel on the shores of the Mediterranean , but they shoot each other in Iraq.
But Jurevicius , the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ' receiver and a former Giant , decided to board the plane in Tampa , Fla. , so he could stand on the field in time for yesterday ' s National Football Conference title game. One day , his son might watch a highlight of Jurevicius dashing down the Veterans Stadium field in the Buccaneers ' 27-10 victory over the Philadelphia Eagles that sent them to Super Bowl XXXVII in San Diego. White N. F. C. championship T-shirts were handed out in the Buccaneers ' locker room after the game to signify the franchise ' s first trip to the Super Bowl.
FOR anyone managing a good deal of money , knowing when to sell an investment is as important as knowing when to buy. When Valujet Flight 592 crashed in the Florida Everglades on May 11 , tragically taking the lives of 110 people , James Oberweis held about 120 , 000 shares of the airline in his Oberweis Emerging Growth fund , about 1 percent of its assets. One sell signal flares when earnings or revenues show signs of declining for a single quarter. Mr. Oberweis had already lightened up on the stock late last year at $30 after the shares -- bought at an average split-adjusted price of $4 -- had grown to more than 5 percent of the fund.
Clement ' s real profession is calling hockey for ESPN , but as a former regional badminton champion in high school , he and his partner , Don Chevrier , have helped make what turns out to be an exciting sport understandable and a delight to watch. There is probably no precedent for a leading announcer in a major sport moonlighting in badminton ( as well as table tennis and modern pentathlon ) , but Clement has made the transition by being informed and passionate. And he is doing it from a small booth at the international broadcast center , as many announcers for the second-tier sports are , not from the competition sites.
But for thousands of Americans , curling is an appealing game played on ice with special brooms and granite stones. It is also an Olympic team sport that enthusiasts say is far more challenging than it may have appeared to people who dozed off during television coverage of curling at the 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City. But many newcomers are attracted by the social aspects of curling , said Peter McCuen , 70 , a former publishing executive who is president of the Ardsley Curling Club in Ardsley-on-Hudson , N. Y. " Although curling hardly threatens to overtake golf or tennis in popularity , it is showing signs of growth , especially among baby boomers.
Before the Knicks-Nets game at Madison Square Garden last night , players , coaches and members of management generally agreed that that Jordan ' s success would follow him into the front office as head of basketball operations and part owner of the Washington Wizards. Scott Layden , the general manager of the Knicks , compared Jordan to Jerry West , the star guard who has had great success in the front office for the Los Angeles Lakers. While Layden ' s humor is evident , there is nothing funny for the Knicks ' again finding themselves in competition with Jordan , who led the Chicago Bulls to six N. B.
Just 12 games into her collegiate career , she leads her team in scoring and has been named the Ivy League Rookie of the Week four times in seven weeks. Meagan ' s sister Lauren , a former teammate at Fox Chapel and now a junior there , is one of the leading players.
SIMON K. HODSON , chief executive of EarthShell , is not the first entrepreneur to come up with an environmentally friendly alternative to the paper and plastic foam used in food packaging.  " It ' s clear that this product is environmentally preferable , " said Arthur B. Weissman , president and chief executive of Green Seal , a nonprofit group that tested a clamshell-like package made from the compound and designed for use by McDonald ' s. Now EarthShell is trying to overcome the dismal reputation of green packaging as an ideal way to lose money. " Efforts to distinguish products by environmental packaging have been kind of a bust , " said J. Winston Porter , president of the Waste Policy Center , an environmental management research center in Leesburg , Va. Consumers , he said , care far more about what is in a package than what it is made of.
We are deeply concerned that without serious debate , the United States has crossed the limits of acceptable practices in the treatment of prisoners at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , and other sites. The secrecy and the disdain for international law and opinion are contrary to the very ideals that our country has long stood and fought for. We are told that our country is being protected by locking up dangerous terrorists in isolated facilities in order to make us accept a breakdown of our own laws. But we do not know -- indeed , we have not been allowed any way of finding out -- if the individual prisoners are enemy combatants , Al Qaeda suspects or innocents unlucky enough to have been caught in a blind sweep.
Mr. Silveira , 43 , is employed by Alpha Glove Industries , a small company that is struggling , like thousands of Brazilian businesses , through a sudden recession brought on by the financial crisis jarring many emerging market nations. In a move reminiscent of the far more devastating breakdown in Russia , companies in Sao Paulo , the industrial nerve center of Brazil , are floating the idea of paying workers like Mr. Silveira their ' 13th month ' s ' salary in products instead of cash. While Mr. Silveira ' s employers have not actually proposed paying him in gloves , the local newspapers have been full of stories suggesting that such payment plans are in the works , and the matter is dominating workers ' conversations.
As a bookkeeper who has done payrolls for 20 years , my observations differ from those in the article. Did the economists take into consideration the amount of taxes deducted from workers ' pay ? 18 an hour -- the average wage cited by the economists for production and nonsupervisory workers in manufacturing. However , the deductions for various taxes -- including Federal , state , city , Social Security and Medicare -- leave net pay of $384 a week. So I ask economists not to lull us into euphoria about how well-off the " little guy " is.
Hear the laughter , listen to the fireplace crackle , and cover your ears tomorrow morning when everybody tries to take that first step out of bed. Walshe would hardly disagree. It might make you feel better but it won ' t really help. THE SKI REPORT
In the world of well-paid executives and very well-paid executives , women usually fall into the first category. Scholastic finished second this year in the National Association for Female Executives ' list of the " Top 30 Companies for Executive Women " -- in part , the group said , because " Scholastic is the sole company where women best men as top earners. " Rounding out the top-five list , which was announced last week , are Liz Claiborne , WellPoint Health Networks and Fannie Mae. Arthur A. Levine , an editorial director at Scholastic , even gives Ms. Marcus the honorary title of " the woman who said yes. "
The two sides agreed to a seven-year contract yesterday , two days before the N. F. L. draft begins , ensuring that the Bengals will make Palmer the No. The contract will turn into a six-year deal , making him eligible for free agency or a renegotiated deal , if he is in for 35 percent of the plays in any season. While Marvin Lewis , the Bengals ' first-year coach , has named Jon Kitna , 30 , the starting quarterback , the team is hopeful that the 23-year-old Palmer will pick up the team ' s offense quickly. Akili Smith , the Bengals ' first-round pick ( and third over all ) in 1999 , began his career with a 27-day holdout before signing and has struggled since.
Mr. Schoen gets no health or pension benefits from his work. Mr. Schoen has accumulated $1 , 959 in balances on his three credit cards , all of which impose annual interest charges of more than 20 percent. He had saved it to pay his 1997 income taxes , but Mr. Zanoff said his paycheck withholding would cover them. In fact , the planner calculated that Mr. Schoen could expect a Federal tax refund of $1 , 597 and a state refund of $207. Also for emergencies , Mr. Zanoff suggested putting $1 , 000 in a money market fund , the Calvert Insured Plus Account , which yields 4.
Last week a report by the Independent System Operator , which runs California ' s power grid , made it more or less official: the electricity crisis in the Golden State is partly the result of market manipulation by power generators. The report alleges that generators overcharged the state ' s utilities , which distribute power to consumers , by more than $6 billion over a 10-month period. The report is almost certain to be ignored by federal authorities. In fact , to believe that the generators didn ' t engage in market manipulation , you have to believe that they are either saints or very bad businessmen , because they would have been passing up an obvious opportunity to increase their profits.
THIS is a story about the search for corporate citizenship , and a cautionary tale of money , influence and the limits of American power. , where a local company provocatively named American Foreign Power and Electric legally incorporated a subsidiary , the Electric Company of Ecuador ( Emelec by its Spanish acronym ) , to serve the rapidly growing city of Guayaquil. Foreign Power had already set up similar , quite lucrative companies in Argentina , Bolivia , Chile and Cuba. All were acquired in 1960 by Boise Cascade , the forest products company , which was interested because American Foreign Power had originally burned wood for fuel.
On a January day in 1995 , Dr. Rod Barton , a United Nations weapons inspector with a gambler ' s instinct , decided to try bluffing the Iraqis. Ever since their defeat in the Persian Gulf war , they had steadfastly denied ever making any kind of germ weapons , despite much evidence to the contrary. The documents proved nothing but were provocative: They showed that in the 1980 ' s , Iraq had bought about 10 tons of nutrients for growing germs , far more than needed for civilian work , from a British company. In the months that followed , Iraq dropped its denials and grudgingly admitted that it had run an elaborate program to produce germ weapons , eventually confessing that it had made enough deadly microbes to kill all the people on earth several times over.
Larry Johnson and Anthony Mason squared off like heavyweights who were ready to put aside basketball for boxing with 3. 7 seconds left in overtime of the Knicks ' 103-100 victory today against the Miami Heat.  " Both teams like to play against each other and both teams like to have a little bragging rights , but it ' s a little too emotional out there , " said Miami ' s Tim Hardaway , who was upset about nearly being elbowed by the Knicks ' Othella Harrington in the first half. " Mason hated leaving New York and took subtle shots in the news media at Johnson by saying how badly the Knicks missed his play.
ORIOLES Orioles outfielder Eric Davis , who had surgery for colon cancer and returned to play this season , received his second major award in the last week yesterday by being named recipient of the 1997 Hutch Award. Davis , who has already been voted the Roberto Clemente Award , batted. 304 with 8 homers and 25 runs batted in in 158 at-bats this season. Tony Phillips , who was arrested on drug charges Aug. 10 and faces a court appearance next Monday , has apparently played his final game for the Angels.  " It ' s a mutual parting of the ways , " Angels General Manager Bill Bavasi said yesterday. "
Following are excerpts from President Clinton ' s news conference yesterday with President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria , as provided by the Federal Document Clearing House , a transcription service: The President has served his country in many ways , including a previous term as President , which was distinguished by his insistence on a peaceful transition to a successor chosen by the people. Since its birth in 1960 , Nigeria ' s progress has been thwarted over and over again by military leaders with little concern for the 110 million people.... We intend to increase our assistance to Nigeria to expand law-enforcement cooperation and to work toward an agreement to stimulate trade and investment between us.
Seagulls and swallows swoop above Royal Troon , but Fred Couples discovered an eagle in today ' s third round of the 126th British Open. Justin Leonard , the 25-year-old Texan who is also at 207 after a one-over-par 72 , knows he must putt better if he is to threaten the leaders in Sunday ' s final round. Except for Tiger Woods , who jumped to within eight shots of the lead with a seven-under-par 64 , Jim Furyk was the only other American to move up among the leaders.
Rupert Murdoch ' s partner in a family entertainment cable channel is expected to ask Mr. Murdoch ' s company , the News Corporation , to buy him out later this month. Saban Entertainment , owned by Haim Saban , owns 49. 5 percent of Fox Family Worldwide , whose entertainment channel reaches 78. 6 million homes; News Corporation owns a comparable amount. Though there is no specific formula for pricing the buyout , a person close to Saban said Mr. Saban thinks the total value of the company is $6 billion , though that value is reduced by debt of $2 billion to a total of $4 billion.
The restaurant itself was close to a replica of the others he had loved in Orlando , Fla. , and Chicago. In short , the number of surprises at this meal would be zero. 95 porterhouse steak at the most expensive major restaurant chain in the world , Morton ' s of Chicago , part of the Morton ' s Restaurant Group. To be sure , the 34 units of Morton ' s , unlike McDonald ' s 19 , 000 stores , have waiters , cabernet sauvignon and mahogany paneling. But Morton ' s , with an average per-person check of $65 , owes its runaway success to the most basic tenet of Fast Food 101.
THERE is usually a lull along Madison Avenue as the American Association of Advertising Agencies holds its annual management conference. Now that the conference has ended , there has been a spate of developments involving the accounts of major national marketers like J. C. Penney , H &amp; R Block and Lucent Technologies. The resignation , which was not expected , came in a letter sent yesterday to Penney by the agency , part of True North Communications. Liener Temerlin , chairman at Temerlin McClain , attributed the resignation to " philosophical differences. " The retail company is plagued with problems in merchandise assortment and presentation that have produced a persistent slump in sales as shoppers shift to stores like Kohl ' s and Target.
The two short visits -- across the few hundred yards of Foley Square that separate the offices of Ms. White , the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York , and Mr. Morgenthau , the Manhattan District Attorney -- were enough to send rumors flying that the city ' s top prosecutors had patched things up. The two even issued a joint statement on Monday saying that their offices " have worked closely together on a wide variety of cases and investigations , and expect to do so in the future. " Despite such conciliatory gestures and statements , tensions remain high in a rift that became public earlier this month , when prosecutors from Ms. White ' s office insisted on bringing Federal charges against Marisa Baridis , a former compliance officer at a Wall Street firm who had already been indicted twice by state grand juries.
 " He ' s definitely not paralyzed , " Dr. Neil Martin , co-director of the hospital ' s stroke center , told The Associated Press. 1-ranked player in 1961 , 1962 , 1968 and 1969 , and was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1981. Laver won the coveted All-England singles crown four times and was a finalist six years , including four straight ( 1959-62 ) , before being banned for five years when he turned professional. Upon his return to Wimbledon , Laver won the singles title in 1968 and ' 69. By advancing to the fourth round in 1970 , he set a Wimbledon record for men by winning 31 consecutive matches from 1960 to 1970.
Named for the most renowned flats guide , Bill Curtis , it is one of those fortunate spots where wind , tide , light and depth collaborate to funnel migrating tarpon into casting range. Better yet , it has a white sandy bottom against which the huge fish stand out clearly. With tarpon fishing I learned long ago that if you are not prepared -- line stripped and neatly coiled , fly in your hand and some thought devoted to windage -- then it is a foregone conclusion that excitement will take over and you will make a decisive mistake. I looked and saw the sun glinting off the backs of at least 20 tarpon as they porpoised along , moving south , paralleling the coast , staying in water about four feet in depth.
The success of the plan was registered not only in the presidential results but also in all 11 of the state votes to ban same-sex marriage. Mr. Rove understands what surveys have shown , that many more Americans believe in the Virgin Birth than in Darwin ' s theory of evolution. This might be called Bryan ' s revenge for the Scopes trial of 1925 , in which William Jennings Bryan ' s fundamentalist assault on the concept of evolution was discredited. Disillusionment with that decision led many evangelicals to withdraw from direct engagement in politics. But they came roaring back into the arena out of anger at other court decisions -- on prayer in school , abortion , protection of the flag and , now , gay marriage.
Declaring that its six-month-old " think local , act local " strategy was working in some parts of the world , the Coca-Cola Company said yesterday that its second-quarter earnings slightly beat analysts ' expectations , mainly because of savings from a sweeping reorganization this year. Net income fell to $926 million , or 37 cents a diluted share , from $942 million , or 38 cents a share , in the quarter a year earlier. Revenue rose 5 percent , to $5. 33 billion , mostly because of price increases in some countries and improving economic conditions in others , the company said.
The volcano finally blew 10 days ago , erupting at 9:37 P. M. in the fourth quarter of a game against Seattle. " The Warriors did not let Seattle back in the game. Traded for Latrell Sprewell in a deal that also sent Terry Cummings and Chris Mills to the Warriors in January , the shooting guard who once seemed tethered to Madison Square Garden now kick-starts another franchise. At 12-16 , the Warriors are only one game out of the Western Conference ' s eighth and final playoff spot and their frenetic style of play and ability to pull out the close game has again enraptured Bay Area basketball fans.
The capture of Saddam Hussein three years ago was a jubilant moment for the White House , hailed by President Bush in a televised address from the Cabinet Room. The execution of Mr. Hussein , though , seemed hardly to inspire the same sentiment. In a statement written in advance , the president said the execution would not end the violence in Iraq. After Mr. Hussein was arrested Dec. 13 , 2003 , he gradually faded from view , save for his courtroom outbursts and writings from prison. The growing chaos and violence in Iraq has steadily overshadowed the torturous rule of Mr. Hussein , who for more than two decades held a unique place in the politics and psyche of the United States , a symbol of the manifestation of evil in the Middle East.
The humidity and air pollution will make drawing a breath bruising. Asthma patients will stream into his pulmonology clinic , complaining that they cannot catch their breath. The pollution that worries Dr. Hasson now is barely visible: a tremulous summer haze that washes in from three large coal-burning power plants that surround Birmingham and are owned by the Southern Company , one of the country ' s largest utility holding corporations. The pollution over Birmingham seems the inevitable side effect of being neighbors with such a big power company. Southern , which has headquarters in Atlanta , contends that anti-pollution improvements it is installing at its plants take time , because it has to make sure that the environmental science is sound and that the regulatory requirements are fair before investing billions of dollars.
But in the same race , Jearl Miles-Clark failed to lower the all-comers 500 indoor standard in the eighth annual New Balance Games at the Armory Track and Field Center in northern Manhattan. Hayley Tullet of Britain held off 41-year-old Lyubov Kremlyova of Russia to win the women ' s mile in 4:27. 05 , with Dan Wilson second in 4:02.
There is seemingly a conflict of interests between America ' s need to establish a coalition against Saddam Hussein and Israel ' s need to fight Palestinian terror. " The Israeli leader believes this is only a " seeming " conflict , not a real one. " If the U. S. goes after Saddam , Israel will stand behind you. You will win your war with Iraq -- and it will be a short one -- and then you will leave the region. We both must be careful not to make decisions that might harm the security of future generations of Israelis. "
Two of the electronic backseat drivers were recently updated to keep even closer tabs on the behavior of both engine and driver: the CarChip from Davis Instruments of Hayward , Calif. , ( www. davisnet. scangauge. Users who have the patience to study these displays ' revelations may soon find themselves easing up on the gas pedal , not only to improve their fuel economy but also to add fewer molecules of carbon dioxide to the earth ' s atmosphere. The CarChip does not display its data while recording it. Instead , it accumulates the information and then downloads it to a Windows-based computer by way of a U. S. B. connection.
Chris Martens , an ESPN producer , thought Mace Brown , a former Pittsburgh Pirate , was offering him a rare treasure recently. As a rookie pitcher in 1935 , Brown witnessed Babe Ruth ' s last three home runs , slugged in Forbes Field as a Boston Brave. He had wanted to make a documentary about Ruth for at least 10 years , since collaborating with Ruth ' s daughter , Dorothy Pirone , on a book about the Babe. And he was not the only one on the cinematic trail of the legendary slugger. ESPN ' s is not a a biography but a smorgasbord of segments that examine Ruth ' s role as the first superstar , his self-marketing , his value to the memorabilia market , his impact on the language and his unfulfilled desire to manage.
It is possible to find local services like movie theaters and car dealers on the Internet by typing your ZIP code into a search box on many Web sites. But the success of these searches depends on the indexing capabilities of the particular search engine , in addition to how well the site has been registered , two factors that can vary a great deal. The company ( which has wholly owned commercial subsidiaries and would charge a fee for. geo registrations ) has devised a new top-level domain , called. geo , and a corresponding system for classifying sites based on information having to do with neighborhoods , businesses and travel destinations.
POWER , TERROR , America ' s Grand Strategy in a World at Risk. WALTER RUSSELL MEAD is the Henry A. Kissinger senior fellow in United States foreign policy at the Council on Foreign Relations. Despite the crushing respectability of that title , Mead has earned a deserved reputation as one of the country ' s liveliest thinkers about America ' s role in the world. Mead says , " A mix of incredulity , outrage , shock , anger and despair is running through the foreign policy establishment as many of its most cherished ideas and institutions are impatiently brushed aside. "
PROFESSIONAL life could not have been sweeter for Rick Brunson , the peripatetic point guard , when Pat Riley summoned him to Miami last summer and offered him not only a job , and not only a one-year guaranteed contract , but also the promise of a long run to a championship series. And then came October , and the training-camp circle around the sad-faced coach , and the shocking news that Alonzo Mourning would not be joining them anytime soon. Brunson knew why because he could see why , in the famous coach ' s " facial expressions , his body language. "
When Liberian citizens late last month deposited the corpses of their friends and loved ones , killed by rebel shells , at the gate of the American Embassy compound in the capital of Monrovia , they were not only issuing a desperate plea for salvation but also making a statement of responsibility: it is you , the United States , who must answer our prayers. But why ? Can the dim colonial past exert a tug even on the hardheaded policy makers in the Bush administration ? During the presidential campaign , George Bush took this position to its logical conclusion when he said that he would not have intervened in Rwanda in 1994 had he been president , even though close to a million people died in the ensuing genocide.
In September , when the snow starts to bury Grand Teton National Park , pronghorn antelope follow an ancient exit strategy. The graceful white-rumped antelope have used that route for at least 7 , 000 years , archaeological records show. Not about the antelope themselves -- Wyoming has hundreds of thousands -- but about the fate of this disappearing behavior. In four places , the rugged topography narrows the migration corridor to a few hundred yards. One bottleneck has recently been converted from open prairie to an intensively developed natural gas field. Long-distance migrations are among the most spectacular displays of the animal kingdom.
Instead , the Jets lost , 10-7 , and Groh decided to bring in Brett Conway for the Jets ' final game and their last chance to make the postseason. With 59 seconds left today , however , Hall was on the field and was the focal point for the more than 62 , 000 people here at Network Associates Coliseum , and the Jets ' fans at home willing their team not to repeat that collapse. Before him were 53 yards of turf and uprights ready to either welcome the Jets to the playoffs or keep them out. They got plenty of it , from Tupa ' s nimble scoop and placement on the game-winning kick to Chris Hayes ' s blocked punt , which was recovered by the rookie Jason Glenn for a touchdown late in the first half.
Irabu made his return to Yankee Stadium yesterday after a tuneup session in the minor leagues , and he was the winning pitcher as the Yankees defeated Kansas City , 9-3. The worrisome part for the Yankees is that Irabu promptly started giving up long booming balls that could have fetched more rain from the heavy clouds over the Stadium. There was a triple , a sacrifice fly and a double for Kansas City ' s first two runs , and a homer by Chili Davis to lead off the sixth. The sudden letdown raised the possibility that Irabu has not yet become combat hardened , which was why he was sent down to the minor leagues after his first shaky run with the Yankees.
She has been indicted and deposed and made to march before tabloid paparazzi , but Martha Stewart is now taking her case to the people , electronically.  " After more than a year , the government has decided to bring charges against me for matters that are personal and entirely unrelated to the business of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia , " Ms. Stewart wrote in an open letter posted on a Web site that began operating early yesterday. " marthatalks. com , is part of an offensive by Ms. Stewart in the wake of her indictment on conspiracy , obstruction of justice and securities fraud charges.
Too often , Americans think of foreign aid as charity. His administration ' s notion that foreign aid is best delivered by private charities and religious organizations only deepens the altruistic symbolism. If Americans want to help people overseas , they can write the checks themselves , in whatever amounts they want. But left to individuals , international charity would fall short of the efficient amount of foreign aid. Done right , foreign aid can create legions of new consumers for American goods and services. From an economic viewpoint , the federal government should confine its activities to problems that private citizens , businesses and local governments cannot take on themselves.
The three athletes told their stories in Manhattan yesterday at a news media briefing for Asthma All-Stars , a new national asthma-education program. PLUS: MEDICAL NEWS
The Seton Hall coach rekindled the series with the Dragons because he knew that after a tough season-opening weekend in Indiana , his Pirates would need to build their confidence and enhance their record. And with superior size and athleticism , they did just that last night before a crowd of 6 , 073 at Continental Arena in East Rutherford , N. J. Behind a balanced offensive attack that yielded four players who scored at least 12 points , the Pirates ran to a solid , if not spectacular , 83-70 victory over Drexel. The all Big-East point guard Shaheen Holloway had 18 points and 10 assists as Seton Hall won its second straight contest to even its mark at 2-2.
After the Knicks escaped with a wild 89-80 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers , Ewing vented his disappointment with Madison Square Garden fans , who have booed the Knicks ( 12-6 ) regularly this season. If you go other places , when the team is playing bad , the fans still support them. Ewing has indicated many times that he would like to finish his career with the Knicks , so Saturday ' s uncharacteristic comments could have been nothing more than frustration. Saturday ' s game was another roller-coaster ride for the Knicks , who closed the game with a 17-2 flurry that sealed the victory and helped them avoid embarrassment.
&amp; P. The Great Atlantic &amp; Pacific Tea Company , as the grocery chain is formally known , announced yesterday that its former auditors , Deloitte &amp; Touche , had notified the company of a " reportable condition " related to its internal controls concerning vendor allowances. &amp; P. replaced Deloitte with PricewaterhouseCoopers. &amp; P. did not say why it had failed to mention the notification when it announced the change in auditors on Sept. 11. &amp; P. spokesmen did not return telephone calls last night , after the company made the disclosure in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Faced with an aging population , America could safely call death a growth industry. But don ' t quit your day job just yet; this field , like so many others in music , may not offer the easiest way to earn a living. Many of us first became aware of music therapy when it was brandished as a mood-altering weapon by Government agents. According to Connie Tomaino , director of music therapy at Beth Abraham Health Services in the Bronx -- the neurological rehab center made famous by the book and the movie " Awakenings " -- medical music therapy is only now gaining recognition by mainstream physicians and the public.
Whatever the Federal Reserve does over the next few months , the American economy appears to be heading , on its own , into a period of slower economic growth. We are still talking about positive economic growth. " Virtually no economist is predicting a recession , only a slowdown to perhaps half the booming annual growth rate of more than 4 percent that prevailed from October through March. Many analysts consider such rapid growth to be inflationary , if it lasts long enough. Eventually , with very strong growth , shortages of labor and merchandise develop , which push up wages and prices.
Joseph Pellegrino , an Italian immigrant who became an executive in the pasta industry and coined the popular slogan , " Wednesday is Prince Spaghetti Day , " died last Monday at his home in Hallandale , Fla. Mr. Pellegrino ' s son , Joseph P. Pellegrino , said that a friend , a Boston advertising agency executive , mentioned a similar slogan to his father -- that slogan was to be used by a macaroni industry association. When the association turned the slogan down , Mr. Pellegrino simply added the name " Prince " and used the slogan specifically for the company.
Mr. Cherkasky said that Marsh would no longer " seek or accept " the incentive payments that were at the core of a lawsuit brought by Eliot Spitzer , the New York attorney general , accusing the brokerage firm of cheating customers by creating a false appearance of competition and steering clients to the highest-paying insurers. Mr. Cherkasky said he was also taking several other steps to convert the business of arranging multimillion-dollar corporate insurance policies from a secretive , decades-old process to one in which all forms of payment to Marsh " will be 100 percent transparent to clients. "
Many veteran turkey hunters are already prowling hardwood hillsides trying to locate male wild turkeys , which will become legal game when New York State ' s monthlong spring season for them opens May 1. In addition to almost never having a beard , the hen is smaller and of a much lighter hue than the male , and its approach to the hidden hunter ' s yelping is totally unlike the strutting arrival of the gobbler. His tail feathers are usually spread out like a fan and his wing tips drag along the ground. Turkey hunting equipment is becoming increasingly sophisticated.
Buoying the spirits of his nation , Hiroyasu Shimizu won the 500-meter speed-skating race Tuesday to give Japan its first gold medal of the Nagano Olympics and prove himself the world ' s fastest man on ice. An instant national hero , Shimizu thrilled a Japan that has been troubled by political scandals and economic malaise. His triumph marked only the second individual gold medal ever won by a Japanese athlete in the Winter Olympics. Shimizu , 23 , is dubbed the Little Giant in Japan because he stands just 5 feet 3 inches tall and weighs 154 pounds. Everything has been so dark in Japan , so many problems , and now suddenly it is light again. "
Attack the Dubai ports deal to burnish your security credentials. Rail against China and free trade deals to build support in the Midwest. Bingo ! The bulk of the evidence suggests there is no rising tide of isolationism in this country , even with the bloodshed in Iraq. Teixeira argues that instead of seeing a turn to isolationism , what we are seeing in poll after poll is public opinion returning to normal post-World War II levels , after the unusual 9/11 blip. Much of the isolationist talk started when a Pew survey found that 42 percent of Americans believe that the U. S. should mind its own business internationally , a 12-point rise over three years.
Bud Selig , board member and avid fan , will root for the Green Bay Packers to beat the New England Patriots in that other sport ' s Super Bowl. Selig ' s interest in the Packers predates his involvement with the Milwaukee Brewers by many years; he grew up as a Packers fan , and the Brewers did not come into existence until 1969 , when he was 35. His interests in the Packers and baseball , though , dovetailed in 1967 , when Selig led a drive to get some Chicago White Sox games played in Milwaukee in 1968.
And after Friday night ' s victory against the Atlanta Hawks , reporters asked the Nets how it felt to have locked up a playoff spot for the fifth season in a row. 3 seeding in the Eastern Conference , have perhaps proven themselves as legitimate contenders during their current 11-game winning streak. 1 team in the East , the Detroit Pistons , a week ago and will attempt to beat the No. 2 team , the Miami Heat , tonight. The Nets have won two of three games against the Heat this season , and a victory at Continental Arena could give them a mental edge if the two teams meet in the playoffs.
The first-place 6-3 Giants are locked in a public relations match with the first-place 6-3 Jets , each team trying to hold serve in the court of popular opinion , with neither side wanting to fall behind in this not-so-subtle regional rivalry. Several Giants said today that they spent their own day off watching the Jets ' 19-16 overtime victory over the Baltimore Ravens , a team that beat the Giants this season.  " We ' re trying to outdo them , " Giants defensive end Michael Strahan said. " I don ' t want to see any ' Strahan calls Jets dumb , ' headlines.
com ) and tried to get the answer to the same question. So he sent an e-mail message asking the question he had asked the man behind the counter , then waited for a reply. com , which makes it possible for Web sites to have their customers chat via written notes in real time with customer service representatives ( liveperson. It is one of a growing number of businesses that try to help e-commerce companies address the problem of providing customer service , but the problem is not going away.  " The state of online customer service is bad , and getting worse " said Cormac Foster , an analyst with Jupiter Communications , an Internet market research firm. "
The same could be said of the information technology and media industries. Although Nasdaq ' s plunge may lead some to fold , for others , the draw of luck is worth the trouble. com found a niche in media circles. On the technology front , more remains unsettled , like the future of Internet taxation , and DoubleClick ' s plan to combine online and offline customer databases. Some bets came through: new domains were selected for Internet addresses , and record companies faced a showdown in court over downloading music. But AT&amp;T ' s effort to combine long-distance , wireless , cable television and Internet services fell apart after the company announced that it would break itself into four parts.
Inside the wrapper , however , is a special weekend business section that represents the first steps in The Austin American-Statesman ' s experiment in tailoring the familiar daily paper to the tastes , and someday maybe even the pocketbook , of every reader. Dr. Pennington -- he is an orthopedic surgeon -- is one of nearly 23 , 000 subscribers to The American-Statesman ' s Weekly Business Review , a financial news supplement that carries the market reports and stock tables the paper dropped from its weekend editions in a money-saving move last year. Because few people read the stock tables , The American-Statesman concluded , it would be cheaper to print and deliver a special section of business news and features only for those who requested it.
Ms. Bent , then an executive with a dot-com company , arrived in Buenos Aires two years ago on a Varig Airlines flight from São Paulo , but her suitcase did not. After several hours ticked by , however , the airline informed Ms. Bent , now a public relations executive for CCG Investor Relations in Las Vegas. Varig said the mix-up was the fault of American Airlines , which had flown Ms. In the United States last year , just 4 of 1 , 000 passengers arrived without their checked baggage on the 17 biggest airlines , according to the Transportation Department , and the loss rate has declined substantially for nine of those airlines over the last five years.
What was expected to be the first high-level meeting in two decades between Iran and the United States did not occur today because Iran ' s Foreign Minister did not show up for a conference on Afghanistan attended by Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright. It was only after the meeting that the Iranians announced why their Foreign Minister , Kamal Kharazi , was represented by one of his deputies. The meeting was a higher-level version of at least half a dozen consultations attended over the last year by Russia , the United States and the six neighbors of Afghanistan -- Iran , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , Tajikistan , China and Pakistan.
It was hailed by proponents as " a revolution in radio , " the venerable " sound medium " with a new dimension: the printed word. But today the technology known as R. D. S. -- for Radio Data Systems -- seems destined to join the eight-track tape and the Betamax videocassette recorder as a flop in the United States.  " Smart " radios arrived on American shores five years ago with impressive potential. Adding to the prospects for success in America was the technology ' s encouraging record of consumer acceptance in Europe and East Asia. R. D. S. ' s liquid-crystal displays of text could be placed on car , portable and home radios.
Each time Bill Glasson suffered another health setback , he wondered if his professional golf career was in jeopardy. Winning for the first time since the 1994 Phoenix Open , Glasson captured the Las Vegas Invitational , shooting a six-under-par 66. He finished 20 under par for the five-round tournament , one stroke better than David Edwards and Billy Mayfair. With his victory and the $324 , 000 check , Glasson qualified for next week ' s season-ending Tour Championship in Houston , reserved for the year ' s top 30 money winners. Starting the day two strokes behind Duffy Waldorf , who finished in a fourth-place tie with Mark Calcavecchia , Glasson built momentum with a 60-foot chip shot for birdie with a sand wedge at No.
Eleven of Europe ' s best race horses flew into South Florida today for the Breeders ' Cup , but , while the weather seemed suitable for flying , racing officials were bedeviled by an old problem: was it suitable for racing ? Bob Baffert alone had seven of his stars taking their final dress rehearsals , including the undefeated juvenile filly Chilukki , the great Silverbulletday and his leading candidate for the $4 million Classic , General Challenge. Most of the Europeans will run on the grass course , which has been inundated with storm water and may not afford them much chance of working out.
Corporate profit margins -- earnings as a percentage of revenues -- have been running at close to all-time highs , but they can improve only so much. High margins in any industry are an invitation for fresh competitors to enter the marketplace and skim some of the cream. That puts a ceiling on margins in the best of times , and as the slowing of economic output in the first quarter showed , these are not the best of times. That could make revenue growth difficult and profit growth more difficult still. Companies can also improve margins by cutting costs , but there are limits to how much leaner and meaner they can become before the quality of their products and services begins to suffer.
JOSEPH KINNEARY ' S inability to urinate in close proximity to other people almost cost him his job. For some of them , it can be a career killer because it deprives them of the ability to produce urine for random drug tests. Now , though , those who suffer from the syndrome , technically called paruresis but more commonly referred to as shy bladder syndrome , are beginning to fight back. They argue that penalties exacted against them by their employers , from demotions to dismissals , violate antidiscrimination laws. They are demanding the right to request alternate forms of drug testing.
The Internal Revenue Service , its staff reduced by a sixth since 1992 and its mission shifted to customer service , has virtually stopped pursuing more than one million tax delinquents and has sharply curtailed other kinds of enforcement. More than a third of the three million Americans who are behind on paying their taxes have had their cases sent to an inactive file since the I. R. S. decided in June 1999 not to try to collect their debts , according to internal documents provided to The New York Times. 5 billion in taxes owed by 668 , 018 taxpayers , the documents show.
Zoning restrictions limited the height of the building and barred the installation of a full kitchen or bathroom. Mr. Apgar left his consulting firm in June 1998 to spend two and a half years as an assistant secretary of the Army , managing one of the nation ' s biggest real estate portfolios. Then there is technical support -- what happens if your hard drive goes , or you have a problem with your broadband connection. Still , telecommuting has become more popular over the years , and interest spiked after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001. B. M. has adopted his strategies to save money.
That is because they know what every other team knows: the Redskins will control the direction of the National Football League draft next Saturday and Sunday. They already have a team loaded with talent , and now they have the opportunity to draft at least one of the Penn State stars in defensive lineman Courtney Brown and linebacker LaVar Arrington. There are some in the league who believe that the Cleveland Browns , who have the first pick , might still draft wide receiver Peter Warrick of Florida State , despite their somewhat public souring on the player. That would leave Washington the chance to pick Arrington and Brown , a coup of major proportions and one that could change the balance of power in the National Football Conference East for years.
There could not be a more fitting representation of the Giants ' season than what happened today in their last offensive series against the New England Patriots. When the former Giant and current New England running back David Meggett took a Mike Horan punt 60 yards for a touchdown to cut the Giants ' lead to 22-17 , you could see the jaw tighten on the face of Dan Reeves and the smile widen on the face of Bill Parcells. After the touchdown , Meggett kneeled down and kissed the turf and , soon , the Giants will kiss Reeves goodbye.
Jets Coach Al Groh looked like the unhappiest 6-2 coach imaginable today. Midway through the season , the Jets are tied atop their division. But the problems that pockmarked their successful first half , only to be briefly concealed when the Jets produced a string of comeback victories , were on display in all their ugliness in their loss to Buffalo Sunday. With the Dolphins and the Colts sharing the top perch in the American Football Conference East , it is entirely possible that the Jets could play well in the second half and still not make the playoffs. While Testaverde was answering questions , his backup , Ray Lucas , chimed in , " We ' re 6-2 , get off his case. "
Following is a transcript of President Bush ' s address to the United Nations yesterday , as recorded by The New York Times: Mr. Secretary General , Mr. President , distinguished delegates and ladies and gentlemen. Today we turn to the urgent duty of protecting other lives , without illusion and without fear. We ' ve accomplished much in the last year in Afghanistan and beyond. Many nations represented here have joined in the fight against global terror and the people of the United States are grateful. The United Nations was born in the hope that survived a world war , the hope of a world moving toward justice , escaping old patterns of conflict and fear.
A new survey of internal perceptions of the integrity of United Nations officials has found that while procedures for reporting and combating corruption exist , most staff members either are unaware of how to use them or fear retaliation if they do. While the study was conducted before the United Nations ' reputation for institutional responsibility was undermined by charges this spring that its officials might have been involved in corruption in the Iraq oil-for-food program , it is being made public at a time when Secretary General Kofi Annan has been forced by the widespread publicity given those charges to appoint a high-level panel to look into them.
The number 23 has become a benchmark for the Knicks. In their finale last season , the Knicks defeated the Nets , 90-83 , to snap a five-game losing streak and finish 23-59 , their worst season in 20 years. It took 40 victories to make the Eastern Conference playoffs last season. The Knicks are in 10th place in the Eastern Conference , but they are only two and a half games behind the Miami Heat ( 24-25 ) , which holds the eighth and final playoff spot , and a game behind the Nets ( 23-27 ). The first-place Toronto Raptors ( 26-23 ) lead the Knicks by four and a half games.
Four men arrested for falsely posing as American government officials and illegally detaining Afghans were conducting their own self-styled antiterrorism campaign , Afghan and American officials said Thursday. The four men , three of them Americans , illegally held eight Afghans for 12 days in the basement of a house where they had set up a fake export company , the officials said.  " Three foreigners made up their own group and pretended they were against those who conduct terrorist operations , " Ali Ahmed Jalali , Afghanistan ' s interior minister , said Thursday at a news conference. " Three of the Afghans who were detained were brothers who had past ties to the political party of Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , a pro-Taliban commander , but officials said none of them were involved in terrorism and were , in fact , now employees of Afghanistan ' s new government.
American League ANAHEIM ANGELS--Recalled INF Alfredo Amezaga from Salt Lake of the PCL. BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Placed LHP Yorkis Perez on the 60-day disabled list. Purchased the contract of LHP Eric DuBose from Bowie of the Eastern League. BOSTON RED SOX--Announced the resignation of Dr. Arthur Pappas , medical director. TEXAS RANGERS--Purchased the contract of LHP Ben Kozlowski from Tulsa of the Texas League. Moved INF-OF Frank Catalanotto from the 15-day to the 60-day disabled list. Announced a player development contract with Spokane of the Northwest League through the 2004 season. National League FLORIDA MARLINS--Announced a two-year player development contract with Carolina of the Southern League.
Most lived off his largess , professed their loyalty to him and knew little , they say , about his business dealings , which authorities now say they believe involved the wholesale theft of the insurance companies ' assets. He paid for her journey from Russia after she answered a personal ad he placed in a Russian pornographic magazine. After several late-night visits from businessmen seeking cash for unlikely ventures , Mr. Frankel vehemently complained that he had enemies who were blackmailing him , they said. " But she said that he relayed a message to her through his former girlfriend: " He was very sorry that he left like that , was still in love with me and wanted me to wait for him. "
Marian , 16 , has set her sights on schools in New Haven and New York , so she has loaded herself down with honors and advanced placement classes , refuses to cut back her extracurricular activities and has hung on to her part-time summer job to fatten up her savings account.  " The stock market is the best way to accumulate wealth; it is not the place to be for a short period of time , " ' said Scott Kays , president of the Kays Financial Advisory Corporation in Atlanta. " Beyond that , look for growth with a growth fund or a balanced fund.
IN June 1999 , an otherwise healthy John Shea had a seizure at his home in Meriden. A glioblastoma moves like a jellyfish in the brain , invading with its tentacles and typically killing its host within 12 months. Surgery can add just a few months of life; if a tentacle is cut off , another quickly grows to take its place. With the help of the machinists ' union at Pratt &amp; Whitney , they compiled a list of 16 employees in North Haven alone who had died of glioblastoma tumors. With information gleaned from the growing list , the State Department of Health began investigating the numbers at the North Haven plant that same month.
Brian Cashman was still an assistant general manager with the Yankees when an official from the Oakland Athletics raised the possibility of trading Scott Brosius to New York last fall. After Cashman and Bob Watson , then the Yankee general manager , checked with their scouts , others assured them that Brosius was worth having -- and the rest is history. Brosius hammered two home runs Tuesday night in Game 3 of the World Series and singled home the third run of the game tonight to help the Yankees wrap up their 24th title. It also helped Brosius nail down the Series most valuable player award; he finished with 8 hits in 17 times up (.
Petr Korda , reviving a career plagued by injuries , upset the United States Open champion Patrick Rafter yesterday to set up a clash with the big-serving Richard Krajicek in the final of the Eurocard Open in Stuttgart , Germany. Krajicek , the 1996 Wimbledon champion , overcame Jonas Bjorkman , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3. Korda had beaten Rafter twice in their previous three encounters , although the Australian had won the last match , in the semifinals of the Grand Slam Cup last month. Rafter never looked at ease against the left-handed Czech , who can play on all surfaces and has a devastating backhand passing shot.
COMING off a season of ratings setbacks and needing to find hits to replace two departing signature shows -- " Ally McBeal " and " The X-Files " -- the Fox network announced a new prime-time lineup yesterday that was filled with changes. And the network ' s new shows will be introduced in a complicated rollout pattern that will delay two new nights of programs until after the World Series concludes and another night of programs until next winter. All told , between its fall and winter start dates , Fox is adding 10 new series , the most of any network.
This time , the revolution may be telecast on premium cable. Among the increasingly vocal , yet frustrated and fragmented , reformers of sport , the only point of agreement seems to be that sometime soon , perhaps between the Bowl Championship Series and the Final Four , something will happen to alert America to its runaway athletic culture. Conservative reformers hope that the National Collegiate Athletic Association will pinch and weed its wild garden of rules and enforce violations more aggressively. Radicals predict college athletes will threaten a sit-down strike moments before the big game unless television producers come up with cash , or at least a benefits package.
He is a highly successful coach who turned ordinary UConn into an extraordinary team and who will make his sixth visit to the round of 16 in 12 seasons with the Huskies ( 31-4 ) when they oppose Washington ( 20-9 ) Thursday night in the National Collegiate Athletic Association East Regional semifinals. Calhoun remembers returning to a house filled with shocked friends and relatives , each sobbing after his father ' s heart attack at 53. Calhoun has been at UConn since 1986 , and has elevated the Huskies from a nice regional team to a perennial national power. She died after bypass surgery in 1973 at 56.
National Public Radio has quietly inaugurated its first Internet-only radio program.  " All Songs Considered , " available in a streaming audio format from the show ' s Web site ( www. org/programs/asc ) , features full-length versions of the brief musical excerpts heard between segments on NPR ' s " All Things Considered " news magaine. Although NPR makes some of its on-air shows available through its Web site , the leap by a major radio organization into Internet-only programming helps validate the concept of using the Web to " narrow-cast " to a smaller listener base. Bob Boilen serves as the disc jockey for " All Songs Considered. "
Vinny Testaverde , the Jet quarterback , said today that he had enlisted another kind of jet for off-season workouts. He bought a jet plane for commuting to the team ' s drills from his home in Tampa , a move that should keep both player and coach happy. Coach Bill Parcells had told the news media that he would not sign a player who did not agree to the Jets ' " voluntary " off-season program of 40 workouts. Testaverde said that Parcells ' s threat , tying the workouts to being signed , was " a negotiating ploy. "
Heading stateside on a T. W. A. civilian transport , one of the boys handed over the May issue of Esquire , and there it was: " Ghost Soldiers , " an excerpt from a new book about the liberation of a Japanese prison camp in the Philippines in 1945. Army rangers risking their lives in hand-to-hand combat !  " Pearl Harbor , " a $135 million production starring Ben Affleck , opens on the Memorial Day weekend. " Tom Brokaw ' s " greatest generation " cottage industry continues with " An Album of Memories , " out next week.
With Brian Leetch and Aleksei Kovalev manning the points , the Rangers are among the league ' s leaders in power-play goals. Leetch and Kovalev had led the Rangers to 11 such goals in the team ' s previous 17 attempts. Playing without their two fastest players , the Rangers increased their intensity and emotion , got two even-strength goals from Adam Graves and earned a 2-2 tie with the Washington Capitals at Madison Square Garden. Leetch was nursing a nerve compression in his right leg , and Kovalev is scheduled to undergo surgery on his right knee tomorrow. Graves , wearing the captain ' s jersey in Leetch ' s absence , scored two goals in a game for the first time this season , giving him a total of 15.
Brett Hull scored the goal that won the Stanley Cup for the Dallas Stars last season , and he leads the tournament this season with 11. The goals were enough to give the Stars a 2-1 victory and allow them to tie the four-of-seven-game Stanley Cup finals at one game apiece. They helped make up for a 7-3 Devils victory on Tuesday night in which the Stars were embarrassed. I said: ' Well , I think you have to watch it. " They will see Martin Brodeur , the goalie , missing Hull ' s first shot on the glove side , the kind of puck he usually grabs.
With Mayor Rudolph Giuliani at his side , Gov. George Pataki unveiled a broad plan on Tuesday to make New York economically whole in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks on the World Trade Center. The plan , which would reimburse the city and state for everything from cleanup costs to lost tax revenues , is undeniably comprehensive. Washington has already approved about $17 billion in federal aid , much of it for clearing the site and rebuilding public infrastructure serving Lower Manhattan. Most experts believe the city will need double that amount and perhaps more to finish these tasks , as well as to provide services to victims ' families and to help the many small businesses wiped out by the collapse of the towers.
The Knicks have won their last 14 home games. Tonight , they play host to the Boston Celtics , one of the worst teams in the National Basketball Association. The Knicks ( 30-13 ) , hoping to avoid a letdown , will try to beat Boston for the third time this month , but they may be shorthanded. John Starks missed yesterday ' s practice with a sore right collarbone , the same injury that forced him to miss four games last week. Starks played in Sunday ' s 95-89 victory over the Miami Heat , but the soreness returned and he is questionable for the Boston game.
Forty-six Iraqis were killed in six bombings across the city and a moderate Sunni Arab figure was gunned down by two men on motorcycles. The American toll for October rose to 102 , the highest since January 2005 , with the military ' s announcement of three more deaths. In a single deadly strike , 33 Shiite laborers gathered around food stalls in a Sadr City square were killed when a bomb in a bag exploded at 6 a. m. , scattering glasses of tea and remains of breakfasts. The attacks continued as the American national security adviser , Stephen J. Hadley , met in Baghdad with Iraqi officials.
Pete Sampras , who tore a hip flexor early in his Australian Open semifinal loss to Andre Agassi on Thursday night , will miss the first-round cup match Feb. 4-6. Andre Agassi will now have a much more essential role to play in Harare after he finishes here against Yevgeny Kafelnikov in Sunday ' s final. Sampras is expected to be sidelined for three to four weeks with the hip flexor injury. A magnetic resonance imaging scan conducted this morning revealed a significant tear of the muscle. Sampras , who has declined to play Davis Cup for much of the last four years , informed the new American captain John McEnroe of his withdrawal by phone. "
It has thrived in Japan since the 1940 ' s , where it is the object of huge parimutuel betting. That unpredictability proved poison to the top American cyclist , Marty Nothstein , who on Wednesday won the first track-cycling gold medal for the United States in a nonboycott Olympic Games since 1904. Blocking to help a teammate is legal and is common practice in team competition. In Japan , Keirin meets can last three days , during which the riders are sometimes confined to the track to prevent them from mingling with bookies. Nothstein tailed the Frenchman until the last quarter lap , when he swerved high on the banked track and passed Rousseau on the right to win by a half-wheel length.
Martha Stewart ' s lawyer wasted no time yesterday suggesting that his client had become a target for government prosecutors on account of her fame. her lawyer , Robert Morvillo , asked in a statement challenging the motives behind her indictment on charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice. The lead federal prosecutor in the case , James B. Comey , insisted that the answer to that question was no. " Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not for who she is , but because of what she did , " said Mr. Comey , the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York.
With estimates running into the billions of dollars , Merrill ' s shares have been bouncing all over the map. Merrill executives hope to reach a settlement soon with Eliot L. Spitzer , the attorney general of New York , that would require Merrill to pay a fine of as much as $100 million. Mr. Spitzer has demanded that Merrill admit to wrongdoing , while the firm ' s executives are holding out hope that apologies will suffice , people close to the negotiations said. Big Wall Street firms rarely say they are sorry -- as Merrill ' s chief executive , David H. Komansky , did two weeks ago.
At first , Jack argued with everyone -- officials , opponents , his own teammates , " said Bob Menegay , his coach at Joel Barlow. " Despite his passion for basketball , he did not impress his coach during two years on the high school varsity. " When Larry Gillman , a former assistant of Gaillard ' s at San Francisco who now lives in Connecticut , went to Portland on business last spring , Gaillard sought Gillman ' s impressions of Wolfinger. " And I remembered how back in Portland I was driving a broken-down ' 75 Volvo wagon with no shocks and windshield wipers that didn ' t work , which made me stick my hands out the window and wipe the windshield when it rained.
In the first few days of the military assault on Iraq , Internet traffic soared as users turned to news media Web sites for information on the war. While most news sites handled the spikes in activity well , there were slowdowns and blackouts at some sites , including the publicly accessible United States military sites. On Thursday , for instance , average daily traffic worldwide increased 200 percent for CNN. com , 218 percent for Foxnews. com , ComScore Media Metrix said. Several military sites , however , had trouble dealing with the increased traffic , said Keynote Systems , a company that tracks how long it takes Web users to access various Internet sites.
WHILE many hedge funds cushioned the impact of last year ' s market decline , there were some spectacular failures. Investors in Gotham Holdings , a small fund based in New York , ended the year down 90 percent as the hedge fund ' s technology portfolio plunged. Last year , as the stock market declined , many hedge funds proved their worth , taking advantage of their ability to bet on a stock ' s decline to protect their investors. While the Standard &amp; Poor ' s 500-stock index fell 10 percent , an index of 550 hedge funds rose 7.
Even though Jason Kidd has indicated that he was speaking for the entire team when he unleashed a 20-minute locker room tirade against the Nets ' coaching staff Saturday night in Memphis , Scott ' s status as head coach is believed to depend more on the coming sale of the franchise than on the recent player revolt. An Eastern Conference official with knowledge of the Nets ' thinking said Wednesday that the club would not fire Scott before the team was sold. Three potential owners have entered bids of more than $257 million , and the sale could be completed in January.
THERE is no way that the television sportscaster Bob Costas , at 5 feet 7 and 49 years of age , could compete on a basketball court against Shaquille O ' Neal , the star center of the Los Angeles Lakers. 7 percent gain by picking Cisco Systems , Microsoft , Dell Computer , EarthLink , Amazon. com and SportsLine USA ( now SportsLine. com Inc. ). 2 percent that Mr. Costas mustered from his choices: Quaker Oats , General Electric , Anheuser-Busch , Monsanto ( now part of Pharmacia ) , the Tribune Company and Lucent Technologies. 2 percent gain by now , compared with a 12.

Reassured by evidence that wage and price increases remain under control despite robust economic growth , the Federal Reserve voted today to leave interest rates unchanged but warned that it might raise them later in the year if inflation creeps up. The decision displayed the Fed ' s confidence that the economy is gradually moving onto a path of slightly more modest , though more sustainable growth , but suggested as well that the central bank is not yet sure that its campaign of rate increases is complete. It has become especially complicated in this cycle because , many think , some old rules have been rendered obsolete by the changes that technology and globalization have brought to the economy.
It was nearly midnight Tuesday when Richard Su , a volunteer driver who had been shuttling people from hospital to hospital in search of injured relatives and friends , came for Lynette Mohammed. It passed a slow-moving line of large excavation trucks and police officers who were guarding intersections.  " How about Beekman ? " Let ' s go home. "
Arts &amp; Ideas takes an occasional look at what some of today ' s thinkers -- the established as well as those who yearn to be -- are working on. She is comparing the intensely personal interaction between traders of 30-year Treasury bond futures at the Chicago Board of Trade , the world ' s leading futures exchange , to the thoroughly computerized tools used in a securities trading room at a private investment bank in London. The Board of Trade operates under what is known as the " open outcry auction market " system. Instead of relying on today ' s disembodied trading systems , it relies almost entirely on face-to-face relationships to trade tens of millions of Treasury bond futures around the world every month.
They crossed their fingers , their legs and their toes each time a fly ball was hit to Todd Hundley , but it was inevitable that , sooner or later , the catcher hiding in the outfield would hurt the Mets with his defense. Hundley ' s initial misplay led to three Phillies runs in the first inning. The Mets tried to erase that deficit for nine futile innings before succumbing to Philadelphia , 4-2 , at Shea Stadium. Like Hundley , the Mets failed miserably. Two of Philadelphia ' s first-inning runs scored because of Hundley ' s weak judgment in left field , and the third scored because his mistake had kept the inning going.
Hope flitted in and out of the Knicks ' consciousness on Wednesday , but was ultimately crushed by a tide of health concerns and hints of internal strife. Eddy Curry ' s best performance in a Knicks uniform was cut short by an aggravated calf injury. Quentin Richardson ' s balky back flared again , forcing him to the bench. The end result was a 105-95 loss to the Orlando Magic that left the Knicks as mentally and physically distressed as they have been at any point this season. David Lee became the last of the Knicks ' three rookies to start a game , and the Knicks used their 18th different starting lineup.
As if on cue , a soaking rain gave way to breezy sunshine today as the victorious French soccer team paraded down the Champs-Elysees in an open-air bus , carrying the World Cup championship trophy and the well wishes of an entire nation. Today ' s celebration , which followed wild jubilation after Sunday ' s 3-0 victory over Brazil , was further confirmation of how completely a once-indifferent country had become smitten with its soccer team. But , by Sunday night , France had become so consumed that the celebrations on the Champs-Elysees were being compared to the liberation of Paris during World War II.
But the question of who owns those ideas has grown contentious. Mr. Smolan and Mr. Cohen , who are perhaps best known for creating the " Day in the Life " series of photography books in the 1980 ' s , have come up with an ambitious 21st-century version , called " America 24/7. " At 12:01 this morning , more than 1 , 000 professional photographers and tens of thousands of amateurs and students were to begin fanning out across the country to shoot a week in the life of the nation. The only requirement is that everyone use a digital camera.
The Dell Computer Corporation posted first-quarter earnings yesterday that matched analysts ' estimates , but the results disappointed some investors. For the quarter ended April 30 , Dell reported earnings of $434 million , or 16 cents a diluted share , up 42 percent from $305 million , or 11 cents a share , in the period a year earlier. Revenue rose 41 percent , to $5. Per-share figures reflect a reduction in shares outstanding because of stock buybacks. Analysts expected Dell to earn 16 cents a share , according to the First Call Corporation , which tracks company earnings. Before Dell reported its results , its shares closed at $44.
Despite creeping parity and the absence of the United States from the final of the Women ' s World Cup , power in women ' s soccer remains concentrated in North America and in northern Europe. The first international match for women was played between Finland and Sweden in 1973. No matter the outcome Sunday , for the first time in the four Women ' s World Cups , the winning coach -- Tina Theune-Meyer of Germany or Marika Domanski Lyfors of Sweden -- will be a woman.  " No doubt , northern Europeans and North Americans have an advantage because of the gender thinking , gender equity , " said Even Pellerud , the coach of Canada , who led his native Norway to the championship of the 1995 Women ' s World Cup , played in Sweden. "
Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki demanded the removal of American checkpoints from the streets of Baghdad on Tuesday , in what appeared to be his latest and boldest gambit in an increasingly tense struggle for more independence from his American protectors. But by nightfall , American troops had abandoned all the positions in eastern and central Baghdad that they had set up last week with Iraqi forces as part of a search for a missing American soldier. The language of the declaration , which implied that Mr. Maliki had the power to command American forces , seemed to overstep his authority and to be aimed at placating his Shiite constituency.
James Fallows , who takes over as editor of U. S. News &amp; World Report today , has begun his tenure by making big changes in the magazine ' s leadership. On Friday , Mr. Fallows replaced two top editors , appointed a managing editor and shifted the roles of several other staff members. The functions of the executive editor , Peter W. Bernstein , and the deputy editor , Christopher Ma , will be filled by one managing editor , Harrison Rainie , currently the magazine ' s assistant managing editor for culture and ideas. Mr. Fallows is restoring the position of managing editor to U. S. News. "
AS trading moved toward a close on the worst day in stock market history , a crowd of young investment bankers gathered around the fringes of the trading floor at one of Wall Street ' s premier firms. But there they stood , in stunned silence , watching the electronic ticker tape march across the wall. It did not matter to them that the prices on the tape were hopelessly out of date , an hour or more old and , in some cases , dozens of dollars higher than the real prices at which trades were being made. The bankers were watching what was obviously an epochal event , wondering if it meant the end of their careers and of the comfortable , even extravagant , way of life that had made Wall Street an oasis of wealth.
Are America Online ' s promotional CD-ROM ' s -- those shrink-wrapped discs that regularly appear in your mailbox -- junk mail or pop-culture artifacts ? To John Lieberman and Jim McKenna , technology professionals from San Francisco , those seemingly ubiquitous CD ' s , which cannot be used for any other computer-related purpose , are " needless pollution. " nomoreaolcds. com , the two have embarked on an online mission to amass one million of the discs and deliver them to AOL ' s headquarters in Dulles , Va. A spokesman for AOL , Nicholas Graham , emphasized that the company has an internal recycling policy , adding , " We think the number of people who are pleased to get the discs far outweighs those who are not pleased. "
Rebuffing for the moment an attempt to stiffen auto safety laws , Congress passed a $58 billion transportation spending bill today. The House approved the bill by a vote of 344 to 50 , while the Senate adopted it by 78 to 10. President Clinton is expected to sign it.  " This ground-breaking measure , which I have long advocated , will save hundreds of lives a year and represents a major victory for public safety and American families across the country , " Mr. Clinton said in a statement. But overshadowing the votes approving the spending measure were the repeated unsuccessful attempts by Senator John McCain , an Arizona Republican , to bring tougher auto safety laws to the floor of the Senate.
Mr. Case has already invested some $375 million in Revolution , which is also involved in health care , and expects to increase that to $500 million within a year. JANE L. LEVERE
After Baghdad fell , Lt. Col. Amer Abdullah al-Rubaie stayed at home and waited to resume his career as an officer in the Iraqi Army. He was fit , ready and pleased that Saddam Hussein was no longer his commander in chief. But no one has called Colonel Rubaie or any other members of the national army , which the American occupation authority disbanded by decree six months ago. In recent weeks , some Iraqi political leaders have proposed recalling members of the old national army to help bring order to the parts of the country where American soldiers are being attacked daily.
Ephedra , the herbal supplement that has been linked to heart attack , stroke and sudden death -- including that of a pitcher in the Baltimore Orioles organization -- poses an " an unreasonable risk to the public health " and will be banned , Bush administration officials said on Tuesday. The ban is the first time that the Food and Drug Administration has removed a dietary supplement from the market since 1994 , when Congress passed a law severely restricting the agency ' s authority to regulate herbal products. In the meantime , Tommy G. Thompson , the secretary of health and human services , strongly urged consumers to stop taking ephedra , which has been used by millions of Americans seeking to lose weight or enhance athletic performance.
Muhammad Ahmed realized how wide the chasm between Kurds and Arabs here had grown when he recently ran into a former classmate on the serpentine streets of this troubled city. But shortly after Mr. Ahmed started work at the state-owned North Oil Company in the late 1980 ' s , the government of Saddam Hussein , intent on solidifying Arab control of Kirkuk , forced him out of his job and made him and his family move north , where they joined tens of thousands of other Kurds exiled from this city. That mass relocation planted the seeds for a bitter ethnic antagonism that has grown into the most incendiary political issue in Iraq outside of the Sunni-led insurgency , and the one that more than any other is delaying formation of a new government.
THOUGH United States stock fund managers turned in a terrific average return of nearly 24 percent for all of last year , the final quarter was much trickier to navigate. They had to contend with ever-growing problems in Asia and the resulting stock market turbulence worldwide -- and many managers fared poorly at year-end. Christian A. Felipe , meanwhile , had a great year managing the MFS Strategic Growth fund , but a big drop in one holding in December trimmed his fund ' s gain for the fourth quarter. Under Bill Nygren , the 14-month-old Oakmark Select fund gained 55 percent last year , to finish second in the diversified domestic stock group.
A federal judge has dismissed a lawsuit brought by a group of retirees from CNF and its spinoff company , Consolidated Freightways , who said their pensions had been improperly reduced. Judge James Ware of Federal District Court in San Jose , Calif. , said the retired workers first needed to see if the federal government would intervene in their case. A lawyer for the retirees , Teresa S. Renaker , said they would appeal the dismissal and renew their complaint after questions about the government ' s role had been resolved. " The suit offers insight into the way that calculations of pension plans may affect the health of those plans , at a time when companies are lobbying Congress to loosen the rules governing certain pension calculations.
Three months before the most difficult election of Chancellor Helmut Kohl ' s career , some economists say he is buying as many new jobs as the German Government can afford. The Government reported today that the number of unemployed workers declined by 223 , 400 in May , one of the biggest monthly reductions in years. Officials called the report evidence of a turnaround in German joblessness , which edged down to 11. Coming after reports last week that the economy grew at a surprisingly strong annual rate of 3. Officials have announced plans to pump as much as $3 billion into these programs , reversing cuts made a year ago.
For two days , Marcus Camby had no strength for basketball , deeply shaken by the hostage situation that his family members endured Monday and that he and they had been reliving since. Yet after gratefully accepting flowers , food baskets and phone calls at home Tuesday , Camby , the Knicks ' center , needed a reprieve.  " This is where I want to be , " Camby said in a somber , almost fragile , voice , speaking publicly for the first time since the standoff ended; there were nearly 70 reporters and cameras around him. " Knicks Coach Jeff Van Gundy pronounced that Camby " did fine " today , but Camby said he did not know how he would be for Game 2 of the Knicks ' playoff series against the Toronto Raptors on Thursday night in Madison Square Garden.
But it was talent and depth that proved the difference yesterday afternoon at Madison Square Garden , two things that the Villanova Wildcats have far more of than the Red Storm. 5 in the Associated Press news media poll , used the sterling play of the senior guard Alvin Williams and the inside power of center Jason Lawson to overcome a credible effort by St. John ' s. Williams keyed the Wildcats ' transition game and piled up 21 points , 8 rebounds and 6 assists. Felipe Lopez had 18 for St. John ' s , but Zendon Hamilton , who averaged 20 points a game last season , was held to 11 points and 9 rebounds.
A sleep-deprived Bill Parcells would not allow the Jets to believe that close is good enough today. Beating the Patriots at Foxboro Stadium would have given the Jets more victories this season than they had all of last season. Even in overtime , though , the Jets might have toppled the Patriots , who were 9-point favorites. For Smith , an ex-Patriot -- he joined them last year after the Jets cut him -- intercepted a Drew Bledsoe pass at midfield. BILL PARCELLS , unhappy with DEDRIC WARD ' s inconsistency last week against the Bills , used AARON GLENN on kickoffs and the rookie LEON JOHNSON on punts.
The scene struck me as an example of the gap between the antiquated governing structures of Saudi Arabia and the very modern economic and social challenges the country faces. Most royal courts long ago relinquished their power to civilian governments and now serve mostly to honor tradition and attract tourists. But in Saudi Arabia the royal family runs the country , commands the military , sets economic and foreign policies and deals with its subjects in the manner of the kings and queens of a bygone era. Crown Prince Abdullah is by all accounts a thoughtful , uncorrupted ruler , and the foreign minister , Prince Saud al-Faisal , has a sophisticated understanding of international issues.
CLAUDIO DEL VECCHIO fondly remembers the scent of oil at his father ' s eyeglasses factory in Agordo , in the Italian Alps. Last month , he agreed to acquire Brooks Brothers , the 183-year-old menswear company that dressed Abraham Lincoln and Fred Astaire. There ' s never been a big retail turnaround in America , " said Richard E. Jaffe , a retail analyst at UBS Warburg. " 4 billion makes the father , who grew up in an orphanage , one of Italy ' s richest men and his son , a major Luxottica shareholder , wealthy , too.
Last week , jurors appeared to be irreparably divided as they weighed charges that Tyco ' s former chief executive , L. Dennis Kozlowski , and its former chief financial officer , Mark H. Swartz , essentially stole hundreds of millions of dollars from the company.  " His temperament is perfect for this case , " said Harvey Fishbein , a lawyer at Gould Fishbein Reimer &amp; Gottfried and president of the New York Criminal Bar Association. " The justice has so far not issued the last-gasp instruction that judges use to urge jurors to continue to deliberate with the goal of reaching a verdict.
Efforts by True North Communications to acquire Bozell , Jacobs , Kenyon &amp; Eckhardt took a big step forward yesterday when a Federal judge in Illinois granted True North a temporary restraining order against attempts by a former partner , Publicis S. A. , to derail the deal. True North had sought to enjoin Publicis in a countersuit filed last Wednesday , which answered a suit filed on Nov. 26 by Publicis Communication , the advertising arm of Publicis in Paris. 4 percent of the shares of Chicago-based True North , sued to block the acquisition on the ground that it cost too much and would not help True North expand internationally.
The best book I ' ve read about America after 9/11 isn ' t about either America or 9/11. It ' s " War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning , " an essay on the psychology of war by Chris Hedges , a veteran war correspondent. Better than any poll analysis or focus group , it explains why President Bush , despite policy failures at home and abroad , is ahead in the polls. When war psychology takes hold , the public believes , temporarily , in a " mythic reality " in which our nation is purely good , our enemies are purely evil , and anyone who isn ' t our ally is our enemy.
When the composer Stewart Wallace sat down to create a new concerto in 1996 , he was mourning the loss of his aunt Edna Freedman , who had recently died of ovarian cancer. Drawing inspiration from her struggle , Mr. Wallace tried to wrestle art from tragedy , and the result , " Gorilla in a Cage , " had its New York premiere on Friday at Carnegie Hall. Mr. Wallace , who never received formal training in composition , said he knew from childhood that he was a composer. His works have been performed around the world. After Edna Freedman became ill in 1987 , Mr. Wallace ' s father , Dr. Sidney Wallace , a Houston radiologist , took her from her home in Philadelphia to the M. D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston so that he could have a hand in his sister ' s treatment; she lived in the Wallace home and , with aggressive chemotherapy , battled the cancer into remission.
LAST May , Dave DeBusschere , the former New York Knicks star , collapsed and died from a heart attack at age 62 while walking to lunch in Lower Manhattan. Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death among American men , claiming more than 260 , 000 lives each year. According to the Framingham Heart Study of the National Institutes of Health , nearly half of all coronary deaths affect people , like Dave DeBusschere , with no history of heart disease symptoms. One approach to finding the disease at a treatable stage is a test that detects calcium deposits in the walls of coronary arteries.
And the steady , predictable stream of profits generated by the dominant local telephone company in the Southeast. At its corporate headquarters in a nondescript high-rise here , it seems as if BellSouth remains untouched by the frenzied changes that have shaken the telecommunications world in recent years. Among the seven regional Bell companies that emerged from the 1984 breakup of AT&amp;T , only BellSouth is still , primarily , a regional phone company. After a wave of mergers and takeovers in the industry , however , BellSouth has been eclipsed , currently ranking No. And yet , by forgoing national expansion to focus on local service in the same nine states where it has operated the last 17 years , BellSouth has found the local telephone business a haven in the storm that has ravaged so much of the rest of the telecommunications industry.
After more than a month of rising defiance , the Iraqi Government postponed a vote today in which its Parliament had appeared ready to take further steps along a collision course with its Western foes. Instead , Parliament issued only a mild statement critical of the American-led air strikes against Iraq last month. Those attacks prompted calls from some legislators for measures that would have been a direct challenge to the United Nations. But the legislative body is an instrument of President Saddam Hussein ' s Government , and it appears that Baghdad decided skirt a further confrontation. Only hours before today ' s vote , a majority of the 250-member Parliament appeared ready to formally reject several of the United Nations resolutions that were imposed on Iraq after it invaded Kuwait in 1990.
If the owners somehow ratify the labor agreement at their meeting in Chicago on Wednesday , Major League Baseball will have a new economic scorekeeping system. Scheduled to be in effect for the next three seasons , the luxury tax is designed to put a drag on player salaries by inducing teams to lower their payrolls to avoid paying the tax. The new method for computing payrolls will differ in four ways from the long-used system: *Average annual value of multiyear contracts will be the basic figures used instead of yearly salary plus a prorated share of a bonus. *Contracts for a team ' s 40-man roster will be included instead of limiting the payroll to players who are on a team ' s 25-man major league roster or disabled list on Aug. 31.
The Dallas Mavericks made a trade with the San Antonio Spurs on draft day last June. No stranger to condemnation for his hard-line dealings with New Age stars , the onetime reputed " players ' coach " now had to explain why Smith was in a Dallas psychiatric hospital after the police said he had ingested approximately 250 aspirin tablets in what may have been a suicide attempt. How could this have happened , and could Nelson and the Mavericks have prevented it ? Those were the questions demanding more than knee-jerk responses. And while there is merit in each of those arguments , they are not necessarily solutions.
More than 700 wolves now roam the Northern Rockies. And the federal government says it is time to end the protections. Sometime this month or next , the federal Fish and Wildlife Service plans to change the status of the gray wolves in and around Glacier National Park , to " threatened , " from " endangered. " By spring , the service will remove all federal protection from wolves in Wyoming , Idaho and Montana , meaning that they can be hunted or trapped. Since their return , wolves have made their presence deeply felt in many ways , profoundly changing the Yellowstone elk herds as well as angering ranchers and delighting naturalists.
Members of America ' s professional and managerial classes have always left college and graduate school confident of at least one thing: Unless they let their driver ' s licenses lapse , they had taken their last test. A growing number of companies , from General Motors and American Express to Norwest Mortgage and Supervalu , are no longer satisfied with traditional job interviews. Others put candidates through a long series of interviews by psychologists or trained interviewers , a bit like oral exams. This is not , rest assured , about math or grammar or any of the basic technical skills for which many production , sales and clerical workers have long been tested.
The Irish real estate group bidding for the beleaguered Millennium Dome in London has hit a snag in negotiations with the British government over a profit-sharing proposal , people close to the talks say. The group , called Legacy , has bid $:125 million ( $184 million ) to turn the site -- which cost $:850 million ( $1. 25 billion ) to build -- into a high-tech business park. Negotiations are expected to be complete by early February. Legacy became a preferred bidder after negotiations with Nomura International , the Japanese bank , fell through in September. Richard Barrett and Johnny Ronan , who head Treasury , have come under intense scrutiny in the British media as a result of the bid. "
AS anti-war protesters disrupted the Senate late Thursday afternoon with their chant , " No money for war , " Senator Charles E. Schumer , Democrat of New York , wryly observed to colleagues on the floor that the protesters were Senate staffers driven mad by tortured budget talks. The senator was poking fun at the Cirque du Soleil contortions of Republican Congressional leaders , who devised a spending blueprint that could pass muster with Senate moderates who favor a smaller tax cut than President Bush and House conservatives , who want all the tax cuts they can get. There were plenty of reasons Republican leaders were willing to shed their fiscal dignity and discipline to push off the real tax fight for a while.
Money talks , in any currency , in any language , in any business , including a locked-out National Hockey League. Monetary incentives are evident in the increasing exodus of N. H. L. players to professional teams in Europe. The warring sides are not discussing their bitter financial fight , and there have been no negotiations since Sept. 9. The lockout began Sept. 15; the regular season was to open Oct. 13. That number would stock almost half the prestigious North American circuit , where 30 teams dress 20 players for every game. The migration to Europe could be a factor in the negotiations toward a new collective bargaining agreement and it illustrates the changing economic dynamics of an increasingly global sport.
2 executive at CBS News , as president of the company ' s domestic network. The move is the latest in what has been four years of executive upheaval at the network , whose once-dominant ratings position in cable news has been wiped away by the surging Fox News Channel. S. , as CNN ' s domestic operation is known. The top job at the domestic network has turned over five times since 2000 and the job of heading all of CNN has changed hands three times in that span. But he acknowledged that part of what CNN hired him for was to restore the network ' s leadership position. "
THE terrorist bombing in Jerusalem on Sept. 4 prompted a flurry of diplomatic reaction in Israel and the United States , but the latest political unrest has had little effect on Israeli stocks and even less on portfolio managers , who remain optimistic about Israeli companies and their future.  " The market was less mature , and political risk in stocks was much greater. Now , investors who have invested in the area realize their prospects are more determined by fundamentals within the company and the industry as opposed to the political scene. " Indeed , the last two and a half years have been replete with violence and unrest , including the assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin.
Lou Kusserow , an outstanding back who ran for two touchdowns in Columbia ' s monumental football upset of Army in 1947 and later became a producer for NBC Sports , died June 30 at his home in Rancho Mirage , Calif. The cause of death was complications from prostate cancer , according to his son Lou , a freelance producer and director for ESPN. The Cadets had not lost in four years , and their unbeaten streak of 32 games ( 30 victories and 2 scoreless ties ) was the longest among major teams. But Columbia struck back on a 28-yard pass from Gene Rossides to Bill Swiacki , who made a spectacular diving catch in the end zone and , minutes later , Kusserow ' s battering 2-yard touchdown run.
Roddick , a fast-talking and quick-witted 21-year-old , has nervous energy to burn , and it was difficult to burn much Saturday afternoon as rain washed out the entire day ' s play , forcing Roddick and his third-round opponent , Taylor Dent , to seek refuge in the players ' lounge and listen over the loudspeaker to the intermittent weather updates from Chris Gorringe , the Wimbledon chief executive. The waterlog has created enough of a backlog -- the tournament is about 120 matches behind schedule -- that the All England Club has decided to extend play to the first Sunday for only the third time in its history.
The Jets ' special teams coach , Mike Westhoff , flung his cane to the ground in disgust , and defensive tackle Jason Ferguson bit his lip to fight back the tears of frustration after the Jets were beaten for the 10th time , a 23-21 loss to the Dolphins. This is the threesome that , starting almost immediately , will begin rebuilding the Jets , and they spoke briefly about their plans. But on Sunday afternoon , with the Jets ' 6-10 season in pieces and the wounds of an all-too-typical loss still fresh , it was Edwards who spoke the loudest.
After three days of delays on the mountain and snowballing doubts in the Austrian camp , the world ' s best ski team finally performed like the world ' s best ski team: sweeping the medals in the women ' s downhill at the world championships and getting a silver medal from the local hero Mario Matt in the men ' s combined event behind Norway ' s versatile Kjetil Andre Aamodt. But yesterday , after a forced three-day break in which heavy snow gave way to unseasonably warm temperatures , the snow was soft and the contours of the downhill relatively unfamiliar , but the women were not allowed another training run.
Woods is seven under for the tournament , five strokes ahead of four players tied for second place -- K. J. Choi ( 71 ) , Sergio García ( 73 ) , Tim Herron ( 72 ) and Rocco Mediate ( 72 ). Even though he did not win a major championship this year , Woods has won four times in 2003 , tied with Davis Love III for the most victories on the Tour.
Just seven years ago , VNU N. V. was a sleepy Dutch purveyor of content , through its ownership of newspapers and television stations in the Netherlands and an array of magazines across Europe. But as it watched its leading Dutch rivals , Elsevier and Wolters Kluwer , embark on global expansion programs , VNU worried that it would fall far behind. Through acquisitions totaling more than $8 billion since 1994 , VNU has turned itself into a leading provider of information about the media and consumers for use by media companies and advertisers. And many of its key assets are based in the United States.
The Florida Marlins want to finish off the Yankees and win the World Series tonight. They have the advantage in games , three to two , but they will not concede a game to bring back their best starter , Josh Beckett , on his normal four days ' rest for a possible Game 7 tomorrow. Marlins Manager Jack McKeon is going for it now. McKeon announced yesterday that he would start Beckett , the brash right-hander , on three days ' rest in Game 6 at Yankee Stadium. Pavano , who mastered the Yankees in Game 4 on Wednesday , would also be starting on three days ' rest.
When Sammy Sosa and the Chicago Cubs left Wrigley Field last weekend for the West Coast , Sosa had just tied Mark McGwire in their home run race by belting four in the three-game series against Milwaukee , and the Cubs had staged two dramatic come-from-behind victories. Sosa went 0 for 4 in a 6-4 loss to the Cincinnati Reds , and the Cubs managed just 6 hits , without a home run , let alone any late-inning heroics. Sosa ' s performance , in front of more than 40 family members whom the Cubs had flown in from the Dominican Republic as a surprise , left him one behind Mark McGwire , who had 64 after homering in the fourth inning tonight at Milwaukee.
Without losing stride , Ludacris , the sassy and sexy best-selling young rap star , and his new group , Disturbing Tha Peace , begin their song , " Posted , " from the top , this time slurring through some of the saltier verses. Disturbing Tha Peace is on the road promoting its coming album , " Golden Grain , " much as generations of musicians have before , performing their hottest songs and submitting to softball interviews. But instead of appearing on radio stations or MTV , they are taping a segment for Sessions@AOL , a series of short video programs that users of America Online can watch on their computers.
The Islanders will open their season against the Penguins tonight , but the game will not be shown to cable television viewers by Fox Sports New York. The Islanders ' 7 P. M. game conflicts with the Devils-Blackhawks game at 8 , so F. S. N. Y. announced it would carry only the Devils ' contest. Joe Cohen , the executive vice president of Madison Square Garden , who made the decision for F. S. N. Y. , refused to comment. But the only place to watch the game on television is in the Penguins ' market , on Fox Sports Pittsburgh.
But a jet fighter , it seems , has nothing on a greater noctule bat , which apparently can intercept , capture and eat migrating birds in flight. Bird-eating bats are rare , and most reports of the phenomenon involve bats in the tropics capturing birds at rest. But new research by Spanish scientists , published this week in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , shows that the greater noctule bat , the largest European bat with a wingspan on the order of 18 inches , captures and consumes migrating passerines in large numbers. Passerine feathers were found in a large number of pellets collected during the two bird migration periods.
On Thursday , a team from the Palestinian Authority met in the White House with the national security adviser , Condoleezza Rice , and was photographed with Secretary of State Colin Powell. One member of this Palestinian team was the newly appointed interior minister , Abdel Razak Yehiyeh , the man given the Herculean task of reforming the Palestinian security services. But why were the president ' s most senior advisers also meeting with Saeb Erekat , the man appointed by Yasir Arafat to head this delegation ? He is one of Mr. Arafat ' s most loyal advisers , a full-fledged member of the Palestinian leadership that President Bush insisted , in his June 24 speech on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict , must be replaced.
Huber , of Garden City , N. Y. , defeated Randy Beil and Peter Zurkow in match play yesterday to advance to today ' s semifinals of the 50th annual amateur invitational tournament at the Seawane Club in Hewlett Harbor , N. Y. Huber , son of the actress Susan Lucci , eased by Zurkow , 4 and 3 , in the afternoon quarterfinal , after he received a break in his tight morning match against Beil. Today , Huber will face Casey Alexander , who upset Dick Siderowf on the 18th hole. Siderowf , a 60-year-old stockbroker from Westport , Conn. , whose 67 on Thursday was the lowest qualifying score , hammered his drive on the 18th into a tree.
The National Football League is planning to let its four television partners wire its players with microphones and put miniature cameras inside their helmets during preseason games. ABC , CBS , Fox and ESPN have wanted to use such enhancements for years -- similar to those used by the old World League of American Football -- but the league resisted. The N. F. L. may be reacting to the wishes of networks paying a combined $2. 2 billion a year for the rights to show games -- as well as to the announced plans of the XFL , the football league created by the World Wrestling Federation and NBC , which starts play next February.
The book , a compilation of Hill ' s first season at Fordham , tells of a successful but not joyful year. In describing what he called the " primitive habits " he is trying to alter , Hill said a Fordham player tried to steal a meal at a fast-food restaurant so he could pocket his $20 daily meal money. Hill , 51 , who coached the Knicks , the Indiana Pacers and the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association , guided Fordham to a 68-67 upset of 24th-ranked St. John ' s on Saturday at Madison Square Garden.
Doubts that Aetna Inc. got its billion dollar ' s worth when it bought the Prudential health care business last year have sent Aetna shares tumbling more than 12 percent in the last two days. The plunge followed complaints by Wall Street analysts that Aetna , the nation ' s largest health insurer , failed at a meeting with investors Monday to explain how the deal would deliver the immediate increases in profits that Aetna had projected. Aetna shares dropped to $60 , a two-year low on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , and rebounded to $61. Analysts said , for example , that Aetna officials did not provide current membership totals for Prudential , which lost more than one million members in 11 months from September 30 , 1998 , to the completion of the deal early last month.
On several levels , the Devils ' 3-2 victory tonight over the Phoenix Coyotes was special. It was their ninth in a row , the longest winning streak in franchise history. For the veteran goalie John Vanbiesbrouck , his 17-save performance was a successful debut just two days after arriving in a trade to back up Martin Brodeur. " For Scott Gomez , who set up the first goal and scored the winner , it represented more momentum in a late-season surge toward the form that earned him the Calder Trophy last season as rookie of the year. The victory gave the Devils 91 points in the standings , tied with Ottawa at the top of the Eastern Conference.
WHILE 42 million Americans are without health insurance , the plight of those who work for small businesses is among the most vexing. Vice President Al Gore likes a 25 percent tax credit for small-business owners , to encourage the purchase of benefits , and Gov. George W. Bush has talked vaguely about letting companies cross state lines to buy insurance. Others like the idea of purchasing coalitions , in which many businesses get together to buy insurance as if they were one big employer. Even with tax credits and group rates , insurance premiums are too expensive for many companies with fewer than 500 employees; those businesses have watched their rates climb 10.
With American corporations under increasing pressure to cut costs and build global supply networks , two senior I. B. M. needed to accelerate its efforts to move white-collar , often high-paying , jobs overseas even though that might create a backlash among politicians and its own employees. B. M ' s top employee relations executives said that three million service jobs were expected to shift to foreign workers by 2015 and that I. A recording was provided to The New York Times recently by the Washington Alliance of Technology Workers , a Seattle-based group seeking to unionize high-technology workers. B. M. and later placed in digital form on an internal company Web site -- from an I.
He was lined up against an offensive lineman , Heath Benedict , that Northwestern was recruiting.
NASA engineers managed on Monday to reproduce the type of computer crashes that have befallen the Mars rover Spirit since last week. If the root cause has been found , as engineers hope , the rover may return to complete health and resume its science mission in a week. The suspected cause will be familiar to any computer user who multitasks too much: too many files were open. A flaw in the rover programs allows the creation of an unlimited number of files , and the computer crashed trying to handle them , mission managers said. The same flaw affects the Spirit ' s twin , the rover Opportunity , which landed early on Sunday morning on the opposite side of Mars.
As the Rangers prepared today to head to Long Island Wednesday night for their first meeting of the season with the Islanders , there were a number of subplots surrounding one of hockey ' s most heated rivalries. One involved the apparent redirection of the Rangers , who are are coming off what Coach Colin Campbell called an " unacceptable " 5-3 home defeat to the Tampa Bay Lightning Monday. The defeat dropped the Rangers ( 6-7-3 ) back to a game below. 500 and snapped a four-game unbeaten streak. Another subplot involved the apparent redirection of the Islanders ( 3-5-4 ) , who are riding a two-game winning streak after victories against two Atlantic Division rivals , Washington and Philadelphia.
BOTH good and bad news emerges from a historical review of the market cycle as it relates to initial public offerings. The bad news is that it could be a long time before I. P. O. volume returns to the levels set just prior to the Nasdaq composite index ' s all-time high a year ago. s gained an average of more than 116 percent. Many investors , however , do not even consider the possibility that another easy money era could be years away. After all , this market came roaring back almost immediately following late-1994 and the fall of 1998 , the two periods during the last decade in which I. P. O. volume fell to levels as low as today ' s.
Mike Piazza had shaved his last remaining specks of stubble. Mike Cameron had removed his ubiquitous headphones. As Manager Willie Randolph gathered his whole roster for the first time , he looked the players up and down , from their cleats to their caps. The Mets looked less like a team at spring training than a battalion starting boot camp. When Randolph finished his address , the Mets started their first full-squad practice of the spring. They marched out of the clubhouse , right into their calisthenics , their new conditioning program , their base-running drills , their bullpen sessions , their infield and outfield practice , their hitters against pitchers and their hitters against pitching machines.
Ron Hextall stopped 29 shots last night as the Philadelphia Flyers extended their unbeaten road streak to 12 games by defeating the Washington Capitals , 2-1 , in Landover , Md. The Flyers ' latest road victory came against a team they hadn ' t beaten all season and in an arena where they were 0-3-1 since April 1995. But after viewing a replay , the officials determined that the rookie Anson Carter kicked the puck into the net. COYOTES 3 , RED WINGS 0: Nikolai Khabibulin made 28 saves for his fourth career shutout , and Bob Corkum had a goal and an assist for visiting Phoenix.
Krzyzewski concedes that these Blue Devils do not shoot the 3-point shot as well as they did last year and that they miss the leadership that Shane Battier contributed on and off the floor. Carlos Boozer has been the Blue Devils ' only inside presence -- a remarkable one -- but as their late-season loss to Maryland proved , he needs some help. Alabama , California and Southern California each have strengths for a potential upset. 2-seeded Crimson Tide ( 26-7 ) won the Southeastern Conference regular-season title by two games before losing the tournament championship game to Mississippi State. 2 percent shooting.
In this season ' s bumper crop of rookies in Major League Soccer -- Damani Ralph ( Chicago ) , Mike Magee , Eddie Gaven and Ricardo Clark ( MetroStars ) , Pat Noonan ( New England ) -- Eskandarian , the league ' s No. Eskandarian has played an average of 32 minutes a game , starting 5 matches and appearing in 22 , with three goals and two assists. I just have to believe that my time will come. " San Jose ' s Dwayne De Rosario scored the fastest goal in the history of Major League Soccer , starting the Earthquakes ' 5-2 rout of Dallas on Saturday after only 11 seconds.
Damir Dokic , who also had confrontations at Wimbledon in 2000 , was later banned from WTA Tour events for six months.
A 13-year-old girl who died on Monday night , two days after being hit in the forehead with a puck at an N. H. L. game in Columbus , Ohio , sustained a rare injury in which an artery leading to her brain ruptured when her head snapped back , a coroner said yesterday. The death raised issues about the safety measures in arenas , and Bernadette Mansur , a spokeswoman for the National Hockey League , said that officials were " taking a look at everything as we now do it. " Doctors tried treating Brittanie , but the rupture had caused a clot to form in the artery , leading to more clots and a swelling of the brain that ultimately resulted in her death , Lewis said.
Two Afghan government soldiers were killed in heavy fighting in southeastern Afghanistan late Wednesday when suspected Taliban fighters attacked their district offices with rockets and automatic weapons , the local governor said today. It was the second Taliban attack in southern Afghanistan this week. Three Taliban fighters were killed and one was wounded , he said. The attack began as President Hamid Karzai was returning from a two-day state visit to Pakistan to demand more cooperation in stemming the cross-border attacks. Mr. Karzai said the attacks represented the gravest threat to the stability of his government , and he warned Islamabad that if they were not stopped , such terrorists would become a danger for Pakistan too.
There was the lawsuit he filed against the University of Pennsylvania on behalf of the family of a young woman who died after undergoing a gene therapy experiment. And there was the suit against the manufacturer of an anthrax vaccine after an American soldier who had received injections died. Clarett is trying to be declared eligible for the N. F. L. draft; the other cases involved life and death. Like one of his legal idols , Johnnie L. Cochran Jr. , Milstein has become rich defending the poor , and his aggressive tactics , part Terminator , part flamethrower , have unnerved hardened defendants.
The riches that arrived in this tiny village came from the sea -- not in the nets its fishermen haul from the sparkling waters but in an abandoned speedboat that washed up last year stocked with dozens of hard , cellophane-wrapped bricks of Colombian cocaine. The cargo taught this village of brightly painted houses on Haiti ' s south coast what Haitian police and government officials have known for years: the drug trade is one of the few ways in Haiti to amass a fortune. This chaotic , impoverished country has been a bustling crossroads for moving Colombian cocaine to the United States for at least 20 years.
Tucked away among ancient factories and garages is a massive relic of the Dodgers ' old ballpark. The Dodgers ? Ebbets Field is at least commemorated by a plaque and an eponymous housing project. Yankee Stadium ' s infield will be preserved in a public park. And Mets officials say the position of the bases will be marked in the parking lot that will replace Shea Stadium. Today , there is not so much as a plaque to commemorate where Brooklyn won its first modern pennants. The nearby canal gave off a constant stench , and as a late-season call-up , Casey Stengel , once remembered , " the mosquitoes was something fierce. "
President Bush may have plenty of reasons why Russia , his new ally in the war on terrorism , should stop cozying up to Iraq , one of the states he sees as part of an " axis of evil. " But Leonid Fedun has 20 billion reasons why Russia should not. Mr. Fedun is vice president for development at Lukoil , Russia ' s biggest oil company. He oversees a 23-year contract to develop Iraq ' s West Qurna oil field -- 667 million tons of crude , a half-million barrels a day. Thanks to United Nations sanctions on Iraq , Lukoil has not pumped a drop from West Qurna since it won drilling rights in 1997.
On Thursday , Senator Jesse Helms , the conservative chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and a vocal critic of the United Nations , is to be the first legislator from any nation to address the United Nations Security Council. Don ' t look for the North Carolina Republican to soften overnight his harsh views of the international organization , which over the years he has called " a disgrace " and " Orwellian. " But after Congress approved a bill last year to pay nearly $1 billion in back dues that the United States owes the United Nations in exchange for structural changes at the organization , both Mr. Helms and United Nations leaders agreed that it was time to call a truce.
International inspectors visiting Iran this week were shown a network of sophisticated machinery to enrich uranium , spurring concerns that Iran is making headway in its suspected program to develop nuclear weapons , Western officials and international diplomats said today. The site in question is near the city of Natanz and was visited on Friday by Dr. Mohamed ElBaradei , the chief of the International Atomic Energy Agency , who went to Iran to assess the status of its nuclear program. During the visit to the Natanz site , inspectors found that it included a small network of centrifuges for enriching uranium.
Leaning forward in the visitors ' dugout at Shea Stadium , Mussina dropped his chin and stared at the ground. Ventura fouled off a pitch , then another. There were two matchups against Pedro Martínez and one against Greg Maddux wrapped around his poor performance against Baltimore. Mussina was 11-15 for the Orioles last season , and his run support , 3. 71 runs a game , was the worst in the American League. This season , with the Yankees , it has actually been worse. He is a good athlete -- Mussina has a clause written into his contract allowing him to play basketball in the first months of the off-season -- and he has always liked to hit.
The UAL Corporation , the parent of United Airlines , reported a record loss yesterday for the third quarter in the wake of the terrorist attacks and predicted that the current quarter would be even worse. 43 a share , compared with a loss of $116 million , or $2. 30 , in the corresponding period of 2000. United ' s troubles have deepened since May 2000 , when a dispute with its pilots resulted in the cancellation of thousands of flights , alienating passengers and costing tens of millions of dollars. On Sunday , the board forced the chairman and chief executive , James E. Goodwin , to resign.
JUST as the world is learning to cope with computer viruses and worms , sophisticated cell phones have become a target of malicious , or at least mischievous , computer code. Once the message was opened , it sent itself to everyone in the address book of the computer owner , and the cycle repeated over and over again. The incident was reported on Tuesday by F-Secure Corporation , a company based in Espoo , Finland , that provides security for cell phones , personal digital assistants , laptops and other computer devices. The phone was not taken over by the virus; the only result was an annoying message. "
The mermaid-shaped gown with the $4 , 200 price tag was the first purchase that Cynthia Davis , of Coral Springs , Fla. , charged to her Visa card. The tiered cake , the groom ' s tuxedo and gifts for the bridesmaids followed , putting Ms. Davis and her fiancé , David Davis , in serious debt for the first time in their lives. When the big day was over , the balance due was $12 , 000 -- a debt the couple struggled with for three years , through bouts of unemployment , until they separated in 2001. Wedding bills are weighing down couples and their parents long after the " I do ' s , " and many have been forced to seek financial counseling as a result , according to credit counseling agencies.
Valentine has called this spring ' s Hamilton controversy the biggest nonstory of his managerial career. But to Hamilton , the Mets ' outfielder , it has mattered more. But because he did not believe Valentine would give him that chance , his agent and brother , John Hamilton , asked the Mets to try to trade him last month. No. We can agree to disagree. " Stalling on Sheffield Mets General Manager Steve Phillips was not optimistic about trading for Dodgers outfielder Gary Sheffield on Thursday , and he remained that way today. The Mets ' best chance for a deal is if the Dodgers agree to a package that includes prospects , but the Dodgers are still holding out for prominent major leaguers.
A " dump , " in the blunt vernacular of a relentlessly flourishing online black market , is a credit card number. And what Zo0mer is peddling is stolen account information -- name , billing address , phone -- for Gold Visa cards and MasterCards at $100 apiece. It is not clear whether any data stolen from CardSystems Solutions , the payment processor reported on Friday to have exposed 40 million credit card accounts to possible theft , has entered this black market. But law enforcement officials and security experts say it is a safe bet that the data will eventually be peddled at sites like iaaca.
John L. Tatta , a pioneer in the cable television industry , who worked with Charles Dolan to build Cablevision into one of the nation ' s leading providers , died on Thursday on Long Island. Mr. Tatta later helped pioneer the televising of Knicks and Rangers games via cable from Madison Square Garden after Sterling Manhattan became the first cable company to win exclusive professional sports rights.
Help they most certainly did , especially on offense and in perimeter shooting -- a welcome change for a team that shot a franchise-low 42. The trades brought the veterans Sam Cassell , Chris Gatling , Lucious Harris and Don MacLean to New Jersey to complement the core of the team: Kendall Gill ( 21. With players such as Van Horn , Kittles ( who will most likely miss the season opener because of a groin injury ) , Gill , Williams , Cassell and Gatling , the Nets have a chance to be exciting this season , something they have not been since Chuck Daly stepped down in frustration more than three years ago after coaching the Nets to their last winning season and playoff appearance.
There are so few customers now , that the Cobblestone no longer serves draft beer: the kegs go bad before they are empty. In Columbus , Ohio , the insurance and financial services company Nationwide has spent $500 million to build an arena for the city ' s National Hockey League team , the Blue Jackets , and the business district around it , has recently had to halve the rent for nine restaurants until the team returns to the ice. And near Joe Louis Arena in Detroit , which calls itself Hockeytown in its loyalty to the hometown Red Wings , another passel of businesses are suffering.
Hord W. Hardin , whose autocratic rule over golf ' s Masters tournament was legendary , died on Monday in Harbor Springs , Mich. , after a long illness. During his tenure , which lasted from 1980 to 1991 , Mr. Hardin also served as the chairman of the Augusta National Golf Club. He also helped preserve the Masters ' ability to dictate the terms of its television coverage , an arrangement almost unique in televised sports.  " Augusta National Golf Club , the Masters and the world of golf have lost a good friend and a great contributor to the game , " said Jackson T. Stephens , the current Masters chairman who succeeded Mr. Hardin.
Tino Martinez has a hard time having fun when he plays baseball , Manager Joe Torre said the other day , a trait that was no more apparent than after tonight ' s 7-3 loss to Texas. But as far as Torre was concerned , Martinez ' s recent burst was the best part of the Yankees ' trip , on which the team won four of six games , including two of three from Texas -- a club the Yankees may face in the post-season. The Yankees scored 34 runs in the first 23 innings of the series against the Rangers , taking a 3-0 lead tonight before the Rangers came back to beat on Hideki Irabu ( 10-5 ).
Yesterday ' s Champions League final , a 2-1 Barcelona victory over Arsenal , was shaped by a flagrant foul and the referee ' s necessary response to it , the shrill tweet of the whistle. No other sport induces the concept of fantasy like soccer. It ' s best to watch amid the billions of true believers. The other item on the menu was the current scandal involving four or more top Italian squads , weeks before the World Cup in Germany. Officials at Juventus of Turin have resigned because of an investigation into possible favoritism in assigning friendly referees to Juventus games.
The Giants ' offense was surprisingly more productive than the St. Louis Rams ' offense today , even though the Giants were missing running back Tiki Barber. Quarterback Kerry Collins went after the middle of the defense with slanting patterns to Joe Jurevicius and Ike Hilliard. It was called after the whistle on a Dayne run for 5 yards deep in Rams territory and forced the Giants to punt. Dayne accused the Rams of purposely pushing on his recently injured neck. " Of the other crucial penalty -- the pass interference on Giants safety Sam Garnes that set up the Rams ' winning touchdown -- defensive end Michael Strahan seemed disappointed that a penalty had played such a big factor in a hotly contested game.
Along with trying to assure Germany that strong ties to America will continue , Mr. Schroder is reinforcing parallels with a politician he admires. Germany has rejected the kinds of economic reforms now taken as gospel in Britain and America. But Germans strongly believe society should take care of all its members. Even after 16 years of the conservative Mr. Kohl , benefit deductions average 42 percent of workers ' salaries , a record. Employers have won more flexible work hours , but labor costs remain among Europe ' s highest. 7 percent , slightly down from a postwar high , Mr. Schroder ' s main issue is job creation.
Their first stop is the brightly lighted McDonald ' s , where their two children -- Karan , 9 , and Kavya , 7 -- jostle with other youngsters at the counters as uniformed employees serve up burgers and fries from an open kitchen. Fast food is growing rapidly in and around India ' s major cities , and the two best-known American chains here , McDonald ' s and Subway , are bidding to dominate the Indian market by tailoring their menus to local tastes. Their offerings here , liberally flavored with Indian spices , bear little resemblance to the American originals , and their networks are poised for rapid expansion in India despite the war in Iraq and the slump in the global economy.
REPUBLICANS have declared Iraq the central front on the war on terrorism. Yet Republicans in Congress ignored warnings that the invasion lacked sufficient troops; did not ask about the plan to secure the postwar environment ( as it turns out , there wasn ' t one ) ; and went into denial as Baghdad descended into chaos. Congressional Republicans asked no questions when the administration staffed the Coalition Provisional Authority with cronies rather than experienced professionals , or when the authority lost track of $8. Similar Republican negligence and incompetence have led to the failure to secure Afghanistan , to apprehend Osama bin Laden , to address the nuclear ambitions of Iran and North Korea -- even to rebuild the Gulf Coast , where , a year after the inept response to Hurricane Katrina , families still live in trailers and billions in relief funds are unaccounted for.
Situations where you might not want to be -- or cannot be -- tethered to an electrical socket include boating and camping , as well as crises that knock out power , like tornadoes , hurricanes and earthquakes. In many places in developing nations , there is no electricity grid to knock out , but people there still need electricity. And the need for easily available energy is compounded as laptops , cell phones and personal digital assistants put portable computing into more hands. Many electrical devices now taken for granted had human-powered antecedents that date to only a generation ago.
If we could read Alan Greenspan ' s mind , now that the Federal Reserve has lowered interest rates for the third time this year , only to watch stocks keep falling.... INGRATES. I lower interest rates by a point and a half in just 11 weeks -- the fastest I ' ve moved in my 13 years here -- and the thanks I get from Wall Street is another swoon in stock prices and a lot of complaints about how I ' m out of touch or behind the curve. It is about nursing the expansion back to health , and right now there seems to be some confusion about both the diagnosis and the treatment.
Over the last 20 years , however , the nation ' s housing market has been cleaved in two , and the break has helped create two very different economies in one country. Homes in the areas that were already the most expensive -- California and the Boston-to-Washington corridor -- have often doubled or tripled in value , even after adjusting for inflation. The increases have created nest eggs for longtime owners and allowed them to borrow billions of dollars against their equity , financing new kitchens and college educations and keeping the current economic malaise from being far worse than it might have been.
Steven DeLuca ' s two-year tenure as publisher of Rolling Stone ended yesterday after what magazine executives described a flare-up with Jann Wenner , the magazine ' s founder. Mr. DeLuca " will exit his position at Wenner Media effective today , " a company statement said , noting that his two-year contract was up. " The precipitating event in Mr. DeLuca ' s departure , according to people who know both him and Mr. Wenner , was a dispute over the magazine ' s coming celebration of its 1 , 000th issue in May. The magazine had been planning a lavish party at Rockefeller Center for the occasion , the kind of showy affair that many believe builds confidence among advertisers in a magazine ' s brand.
March is the month in the Northeast when anglers -- save those who enjoy huddling in an ice shanty on a frozen , windswept lake -- rejoice that escape from winter ' s embrace is imminent. Expo , as it is familiarly called , offers a splendid opportunity to see , under one roof , many of the latest developments in rods , reels , lines and lures for both fresh and salt water and to take advantage of show discounts for such items. The same applies to hunting and shooting equipment , archery supplies , and sportfishing boats , motors and canoes.
Dissatisfied with published Vatican documents on the role of Pope Pius XII during World War II , a panel of Jewish and Catholic scholars asked today for access to closed Vatican archives. The panel , the International Catholic-Jewish Commission , was formed 11 months ago by the Vatican and Jewish groups to sort out accusations that Pius XII did not speak out forcefully enough against the Holocaust. In a preliminary report today , the commission said the 11 volumes of documents published by the Vatican do not " put to rest significant questions about the role of the Vatican during the Holocaust , " adding , " No serious historian could accept that the published , edited volumes could put us at the end of the story. "
That may explain why , in this season for tank tops and bare midriffs , Web surfers are seeking online guidance for trimming down and buffing up , according to the Media Metrix division of the Internet research firm comScore Networks. EDiets. com , which says that its 800 , 000 registered members have lost a total of 1 , 744 tons so far , has had a traffic surge recently as it promotes a program for losing 10 pounds by early July. ThirdAge. Top features include " Stick-With-It Fitness Strategies " and " Cellulite Relief: She lost 50 pounds , but the cellulite stuck.
WHEN Saks executives greeted investors with better-than-expected results last month , they made it clear that e-commerce initiatives deserved part of the credit. But this was not a case of Internet retailing finally catching up to the exaggeration of years past. Like all retailers , Saks faces the problem of deciding when to start marking down items , and at what price , so the company can glean as much profit as it can , without discounting so early that the company sells out and alienates customers , or so late that the company looks like a museum for unwanted merchandise.
President Clinton ' s decision to bail out Mexico , over Congress ' s opposition , was politically unpopular. But with support from the Republican leaders Newt Gingrich and Bob Dole , Mr. Clinton tapped an obscure Treasury fund to lend Mexico more than $13 billion. Loans from the United States and the International Monetary Fund helped Mexico repay foreign lenders and halt collapse of the peso. Mexicans suffered from their Government ' s austerity program , and wages are still falling , but the economy grew by about 4 percent last year. Mexico pledged its oil exports as collateral and adopted strict monetary and fiscal policies -- the only way foreigners could be coaxed to reinvest.
Movies and plays about America are all the rage in Egypt lately. It ' s the story of a family in which America is the mother , Egypt is the son , the Arab world are his brothers and sisters and everything is fine until a cousin shows up -- Israel -- and a fight breaks out over Momma America ' s inheritance. The movie ends with the Statue of Liberty exploding and the Egyptian being arrested because he looks like a terrorist. The latest film , " Hello America , " involves an Egyptian who goes to the U. S. and is hit by a car driven by the daughter of a presidential candidate.
Iona emphatically turned Manhattan ' s early-season basketball success into a memory tonight. The Gaels handed Manhattan its third defeat in the last five games with a 75-70 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference victory , generating cheers of " over-rated " from some of the 2 , 800 fans at Iona ' s Mulcahy Center. 4 percent shooting and outrebounded them by 43-27 in avenging a 69-58 loss in the Holiday Festival on Dec. 28 at Madison Square Garden. Manhattan ( 14-4 , 6-3 ) dropped into a tie for first place in the conference with Rider , Siena and Marist. Iona has a two-game winning streak for only the second time this season.
As insect colonies go , a nest of the tropical ant Cardiocondyla oscurior is a real snake pit , a hotbed of aggressive male behavior. Sexual competition is so intense that wingless males fight one another to the death for the privilege of mating with queens. Winged males , they say , are not attacked by their more aggressive brethren -- and they still get their share of romance. In a remarkable example of female mimicry , the winged ants produce chemicals that are very similar to those produced by the queens. The wingless ants not only do not fight the winged ants , they often try to mate with them.
As the American military makes its final preparations for war in desert camps to the north and hulking warships linger off the coast to the south , teenagers here have been spending their free days riding water scooters on the pearl blue waters of the Persian Gulf. Gas masks and discount chemical suits are on sale in the shopping malls alongside the luxury goods of Louis Vuitton and Hermes , but the baubles have been selling better. This country could be days away from serving as the launching pad for an American-led invasion of Iraq , the country that invaded it in 1990.
But there are exceptions. The school ' s most striking trait is that it was founded in 1903 as a manual training school meant largely for Jewish orphans. The eighth grade ' s practices were something else: a 6-foot-4-inch , 220-pound minor-league catcher with the face of a street fighter hollering at the top of his lungs for three straight hours. The ballpark was already in an uproar , but the sight of me ( I resembled a scoop of vanilla ice cream with four pickup sticks jutting out from it ) sent their side into spasms of delight. Billy Fitzgerald had been one of the best high-school basketball and baseball players ever seen in New Orleans , and he ' d gone on to play both sports at Tulane University.
A small , secretive group that used television advertisements to attack George W. Bush during his campaign for president has re-emerged to point to links between oil companies with questionable accounting practices and the Bush administration. The group , American Family Voices , paid for a 30-second commercial that will be shown until Thursday on cable news programs here and in New York. 2 million loss , and he reported the sale to the Securities and Exchange Commission eight months late. The commercial also criticizes Vice President Dick Cheney for ties to Halliburton , an oil services company that the S. E. C. is investigating.
Trash accumulates , streets are clogged and daily life is disrupted. Scientists say that kind of disruption may lie at the heart of a wide array of diseases afflicting millions of Americans. In the brain , researchers say , the result is Alzheimer ' s disease , Parkinson ' s disease and a slew of other neurodegenerative disorders including the human version of mad cow disease. In the pancreas , it is Type 2 diabetes; in the lungs , cystic fibrosis; in the eyes , cataracts. If the problem develops in a certain blood protein , patients can develop numbness in the fingers or toes , or a mysterious form of heart disease that may affect as many as 4 percent of African-Americans.
After more than 180 years of puzzling , scientists say they have solved the mystery of the evolutionary origins of the plant that produces the biggest flower on earth. Researchers now say the bizarre rafflesia -- whose blossoms can measure a yard across and were described by the Swedish explorer Eric Mjoberg as having " a penetrating smell more repulsive than any buffalo carcass in an advanced state of decomposition " -- actually sprang from the gentle group of plants that includes poinsettias , violets and passionflowers. Dr. John Beaman , a botanist and professor emeritus at Michigan State University , said that in the 20 years he has studied rafflesia , he had been " most perplexed " about its evolutionary affiliations.
Stocks fell sharply yesterday on renewed fears about the health of the economy after two technology bellwethers , Lucent Technologies and Ciena , forecast unexpected weakness in their financial results , and the government reported a steep drop in retail sales in November. All of technology had been doing well for October , November and half of December , but those companies that have exposure to telecom are going to have difficulties in 2002. Their turnaround is going to happen much later than a turnaround in the overall general economy. " Owen Fitzpatrick , who leads the United States equity group at Deutsche Bank Private Banking , said the latest financial warnings unnerved investors , who had previously come to believe that the worst might be over since many earnings forecasts had already been severely ratcheted down.
If Magna International Inc. had the same share structure as most other public companies , its 12 directors would be at risk of losing their jobs on Thursday , when the company , which makes auto parts , holds its annual meeting in suburban Toronto. One of Canada ' s biggest pension funds , the Ontario Teachers ' Pension Plan , has said it plans to vote its 1. 8 million Magna shares against the re-election of the directors as a protest against a $33. The payout made Mr. Stronach the highest-paid executive of a public company in Canada , and several other institutional shareholders have indicated that they would line up behind the teachers ' fund in casting their votes.
For all that has been written and spoken about addiction as a medical disease , most people , including most physicians , understand little about what draws people to drugs and keeps them hooked , often despite severe consequences and repeated attempts to quit. The savings in life-years , quality of life and lost income can be huge , not to mention the costs of drug-instigated crime and medical care. According to the National Institute on Drug Abuse , $133 billion a year is spent just on treating the short-term and long-term medical complications of addiction. Among the many health consequences of addictions are sudden cardiac arrest , irreversible kidney and liver damage , AIDS , fetal harm and many cancers , including cancers of the lung , bladder , breast , pancreas , larynx , liver and oral cavity.
 " Our view of American power was born " in Bosnia , said Ms. Power , author of " A Problem From Hell , " about American responses to genocide in the last century that has prompted new debates about the moral responsibilities that go with American power. She came to Bosnia in 1993 , joining the swarms of freelance reporters drawn to the unfolding war. The story there was shocking -- a widening arc of atrocities against victims targeted not for what they had done , but for who they were -- all taking place on a continent where genocide was never supposed to happen again.
IN Tom Carvel ' s day no agency creative types were consulted on clever ways to sell ice cream. Carvel , who had borrowed $15 from his future wife to begin selling ice cream in 1934 and went on to build a multimillion-dollar business , simply went into his Yonkers studio and was filmed saying , " Please visit your local Carvel ice cream store. " Carvel died in 1990 , the year after he sold his company to Investcorp , a Bahrain-based international investment group. Since then , a number of agencies , including DeVito/Verdi and Hal Riney &amp; Partners , have worked on Carvel ' s account.
His recovery from the Dec. 21 surgery on his right wrist continues. While the Knicks wonder about Ewing ' s status , Allan Houston , who has emerged as the team ' s offensive leader in his place , expressed little doubt that the Knicks would be ready. We have to forget the Miami series , and focus on the Pacers. The Knicks pushed Tim Hardaway and Alonzo Mourning from their minds , buried their nasty thoughts of Pat Riley , and turned their attention to their old nemesis Reggie Miller and the Pacers , as well as to Larry Bird , who previously tormented the Knicks on the court and who , as a coach , has guided the Pacers to the second-best record in the Eastern Conference.
An agency company based in Toronto , Wolf Group Integrated Communications , which has extensive holdings in the United States , is suddenly unraveling , closing its New York operation and selling or closing all but one of its remaining offices. The rapid disappearance of Wolf , which began last Friday in New York , is an unwelcome reminder to Madison Avenue of the fragility of the recovery of the advertising economy that is anticipated this year. The problems at Wolf , which had 2002 revenue estimated at $37 million by the trade publication Advertising Age , are being traced to an ambitious expansion during the industry boom in the mid- to late 1990 ' s.
LOUIS PEOPLES was a young man when he came to the Alaskan Arctic in 1977 to help build and then run the industrial web that pumps oil from the North Slope and sends it south to market. But , even though production from the North Slope is declining , there are not enough skilled young engineers and roustabouts to replace them. The aging of America ' s oil work force is more sweeping and urgent in Alaska than in the lower 48 states because so many workers arrived at the same time. And the potential effect of the demographic pinch is magnified because the North Slope produces 4.
Senator Jesse Helms , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , gave his tentative support today for the expansion of NATO , saying he would help lead the fight for ratification of the plan if the Clinton Administration addresses a series of " serious concerns. " It was the most definitive statement on NATO , to date , from Mr. Helms , whose support is crucial to President Clinton ' s effort to bring three former adversaries -- Poland , the Czech Republic and Hungary -- into the military alliance in time for its 50th anniversary in 1999. However , my support must remain conditioned upon our ability to work together to include proper safeguards that ensure enactment of an amended treaty is in our nation ' s best interests. "
But because the Giants play the Tennessee Titans here on Sunday , Godfrey will see the Giants again. Titans safety Marcus Robertson said: " Tiki is the wild card in their offense. That would mean a wide-open , aggressive defensive assault that is juiced by nearly 69 , 000 wild fans in Adelphia Coliseum who create as much ruckus as any group anywhere in the National Football League. Kearse is the star among the linemen , Eddie Robinson is the seasoned linebacker , and the secondary -- cornerbacks Samari Rolle and Denard Walker and safeties Robertson and Blaine Bishop -- form an enviable quartet.
You won ' t believe your eyes , " they scream. Then come the prices: the equivalent of $107 round-trip to Paris , $154 to Marseilles , $201 to Lisbon. This summer , British Airways , the largest airline in Europe , has done what almost no American full-service carrier has been willing to do , despite the industry ' s enormous losses: radically simplify its fare structure to keep business travelers from defecting to low-cost competitors. KLM is paring to 8 , from 25 , the fare classes on 66 European routes , a change that includes replacing the Saturday-night-stay requirement with a two-night minimum stay.
JUST AS cross-country skiing was one of the defining sports in Nordic- loving Norway in 1994 , ski jumping will be one of the defining sports in Nagano. Japan ' s finest Winter Olympic moment came in this sport , and it came the last time the Japan played host to the Games. THE SETUP -- Three events will be held at the Hakuba Ski Jumping Stadium: normal hill , large hill and team. On the normal hill , skiers will average approximately 90 meters from takeoff to landing. It is no coincidence that the normal hill event is scheduled for Feb. 11 , a national holiday in Japan , and that the large hill event is scheduled for Feb. 15 , a Sunday.
American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Reinstated C Brook Fordyce from bereavement leave. BOSTON RED SOX--Activated RHP Robert Person from the 15-day disabled list. Sent RHP Steve Woodard to Pawtucket of the International League. CLEVELAND INDIANS--Placed 1B Travis Hafner and RHP Dave Elder on the 15-day disabled list. Recalled 1B Ben Broussard from Buffalo of the IL. Purchased the contract of RHP Jerrod Riggan from Buffalo. NEW YORK YANKEES--Activated SS Derek Jeter from the 15-day disabled list. Optioned SS Erick Almonte to Columbus of the IL. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Activated OF Ken Griffey Jr. , from the 15-day disabled list. Optioned LHP Kevin Ohme to Memphis of the PCL.
Ms. Forsyth , a Silicon Valley computer consultant , forks over nearly $500 a month for spa treatments , massages , incense and yoga products. Time-pressed Americans increasingly want to buy their serenity off the shelf , and countless companies line up to sell it to them in the form of personal consultants , specialized video games , vitamins , yoga , massage , biofeedback , self-help books and hypnotism training. In 2003 , Americans spent $36 billion on relaxation products , according to the Natural Marketing Institute , a consulting and research firm in Harleysville , Pa. A $20 pen from RedEnvelope.
Tens of thousands of refugees from Kosovo waiting to cross the border here vanished in the middle of the night , ordered out of a column stretching 20 miles or more by Serbian forces and sent walking to an unknown fate. At 3:30 this morning , Serbian forces walked up to a jumble of six chest-high concrete pyramids that marks the midpoint of the no man ' s land between the two customs posts , according to observers at the border from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.  " We have no idea , " said Jacques Franquin , a spokesman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "
FOR investors , the tectonic shifts in the telecommunications industry in recent years have come not from fundamental changes in the business -- as numerous as they have been -- but from corporate mergers , alliances and spinoffs. The biggest phone companies in the United States and Britain , AT&amp;T and British Telecommunications , last Sunday unveiled a $10 billion venture to serve multinational business customers. 9 billion agreement to merge with GTE , a big local and long-distance carrier. Michael J. Mahoney , a big fan of European stocks and wireless companies , has managed the $1. 7 billion AIM Global Telecommunications fund for more than five years , shared his insights on the business.
Re " Conceding Missteps , Bush Urges Patience on Iraq " ( front page , Oct. 26 ) : On Sunday , you report that the Bush administration is developing a " timetable " for the Iraqi government to address sectarian violence and assume a larger security role. Then on Tuesday , Gen. George W. Casey Jr. and Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad announce that yes , the Iraqis have indeed agreed to a timetable. Even in this administration ' s slogan-driven , Orwellian world , where up is down and black is white , this daily revision of the truth is breathtaking.
Re " Unions See Fertile Fields at Lower End of High Tech " ( Grass-Roots Business , Sept. 26 ) , which focused on the disadvantages of temporary employment in the technology industry: Such an emphasis is narrow and one-sided. Staffing companies match millions of people to millions of jobs and offer flexibility to both employees and companies. In fact , many people choose temporary work as an employment option. The staffing industry also provides free training for millions of assigned employees to help meet today ' s demand for skilled workers. Moreover , most staffing companies now offer health insurance as well as vacation and holiday pay , and many offer retirement plans.
In the beginning of the Yankees ' five-game winning streak , they beat Toronto in extra innings. On the second , third and fourth days , they created a seemingly insurmountable lead in the American League East , sweeping the Boston Red Sox. On the fifth day , they made a comeback to defeat the Blue Jays. Due for a stinker after a week of high-adrenaline games , the Yankees sleepwalked tonight through a 14-0 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays , their most lopsided defeat of the year , their play reminiscent of some of their blowout losses last September.
Ms. Slater survived the explosion that rocked the American Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , on Aug. 7 , 1998 , but the ordeal was so ingrained in her memory that she wept as she relived it yesterday at the embassy bombings trial. If there is one thing the bombings trial has shown so far , it is that catastrophe can somehow manage to be both intimate and banal. While yesterday ' s testimony was packed with stomach-churning details , it sounded much like a continuation of the terrible tales of the bombing of the American Embassy in Kenya , which were told in court last week.
Cricket , that languorous English pursuit , looms large in the life of Christopher Charles Gent , chief executive of the Vodafone Group P. L. C. , which agreed on Friday to pay $60 billion for Airtouch Communications , the United States wireless phone giant , in Britain ' s largest takeover ever. Vodafone , indeed , sponsors the English national cricket team , and Mr. Gent ' s friends include the former Conservative Prime Minister , John Major , whose first diversion after being ousted in elections in 1997 was going to watch cricket. And most recently , Mr. Gent , 50 , acknowledged with a tight kind of smile in an interview today that he was indeed at the Sydney cricket ground , where England was playing Australia , when he began his campaign on New Year ' s Day to thwart Bell Atlantic in a battle for Airtouch -- the American company he had been coveting for months as part of his dream of building a global wireless business.
With the Jets reeling from two consecutive blowout losses in which the offense managed 10 points , Coach Herman Edwards planned to meet with the offensive coordinator Paul Hackett tonight to sort through an offense that is not merely adrift , but is close to sinking. Three weeks into the season , with an offensive line that is springing leaks , a running game that is nearly nonexistent and a quarterback whose play has been so uninspired that he is facing questions about his job stability , the playbook is open for review again. After Edwards offered an unsolicited vote of support for Testaverde , Edwards and Hackett were going to try to further tailor the offense to his needs.
SUMMONED before a Senate subcommittee last fall to explain their industry ' s record profits , five chief executives of big energy companies were unanimous in explaining that they had no control over the prices set by global oil markets. Lee R. Raymond , then the chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil , even evoked a time in the 1990 ' s when energy companies struggled with record-low oil prices. " Now , as energy companies reveal the year-end bonuses they paid in December -- just one month after the hearing -- it is becoming evident that many top executives had no qualms about accepting record payouts , even if they were based on profits generated by the same high oil prices that they said they had nothing to do with.
Over fierce resistance from the drug industry , Congress is moving to authorize research that systematically compares the effectiveness and cost of top-selling prescription drugs. Proponents say that if Medicare is to spend $400 billion on new drug benefits over the next 10 years , it should have objective , reliable information about which medicines are most effective.  " Often there are a number of competing drugs to treat the same condition , " said Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , Democrat of New York , a leader of bipartisan efforts on the issue. " The House voted last month to provide $12 million to the Public Health Service to conduct " research on the comparative effectiveness " of prescription drugs.
The Giants ' coach has a quarterback in Kent Graham who may give him the best chance to win the most games the rest of this season. They would like the tryout process for Kanell to continue later this season -- even if the team plans to seriously consider drafting a quarterback or signing a veteran free agent quarterback during the off season. Even if the Giants lose at Arizona , do you let Kanell ' s first game back be against the potentially 13-0 Denver Broncos ? But if the Giants are not ready to give up on Kanell , and everyone from top to bottom in the organization says they are not , and if few Giants executives are willing to say they will permanently hand the reins of the team over to Graham , what gain is there if Graham rallies the Giants to a 7-9 record ?
Bidding to significantly expand its presence outside the United States , the AT&amp;T Corporation is close to an agreement with British Telecommunications P. L. C. to form a joint venture serving multinational business customers , executives close to the negotiations said yesterday. 1 long-distance carrier , and British Telecom , Britain ' s biggest communications company , would perhaps be the foremost international telecommunications venture. Demand for advanced communications services is growing even faster overseas than it is in the United States , according to many analysts , and big businesses are the most lucrative segment of the international market. Financial details of the agreement were unclear yesterday , but the executives close to the talks said that the two companies could be expected to devote significant resources to a new business that could generate hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue.
" The strike has already started , " said a top agent at a Christmas party. Few studio and television executives , talent agents and actors and writers would disagree. A strike threatened by the Writers Guild of America , representing 11 , 000 writers on the East and West Coasts , is set for May 1. So Hollywood studios will be rushing films into production the next few weeks. The impact of a strike , or just the threat of it , will affect what viewers see in films and on television. Networks are planning more reality shows and news programs in the event that a strike interrupts production of a series.
Those who wanted help in exporting to China were to stay seated in Penntop South. Given the explosion of business in China , the interest in setting up shop there is not surprising. While the Bush administration complains about China unfairly tilting trade dealings to its advantage , the branch of government most responsible for promoting American business is participating in conferences and workshops that encourage American companies to put operations and jobs in China. The seeming contradiction reflects the diffident American response to China ' s rise as an economic power. At a White House meeting yesterday , President Bush pressed China ' s visiting prime minister , Wen Jiabao , to let the value of the yuan , China ' s currency , rise , a step that would make American operations in China marginally more expensive and less appealing.
With graphic reports about former Coach Mike Price ' s behavior and his threat to pursue legal action serving as a backdrop , the University of Alabama announced yesterday that Mike Shula , a former Crimson Tide quarterback , would be its next head football coach. Shula , 37 , had appeared to be the leading candidate from the start of Alabama ' s accelerated search after Price was fired Saturday by the university ' s president , Robert E. Witt , in the wake of disclosures about his behavior at a Pensacola , Fla. , strip club and hotel while he was there for a golf tournament.
Don Bosco was led by the two-way play of Steve Levy and another strong performance by running back Brian Toal , who gained 113 yards. Montclair running back Hanif Suluki rushed for 137 yards and 3 touchdowns to lead the Mounties ( 8-0 ) to a 41-7 victory over Nutley ( 2-6 ). EDGEMONT ( 8-0 ) won its 29th straight game thanks in large part to the Bernstein family. Edgemont blew out DOVER ( 5-3 ) , 41-14 , in a Class C semifinal game and advanced to the championship game next weekend against BRIARCLIFF ( 7-1 ) , which defeated RYE ( 5-2 ) , 8-7.
When Umpire Jerry Crawford walked to the Mets ' dugout to tell Bobby Valentine that he was postponing last night ' s game because of steady rain , with the Mets leading by 6-5 after rallying in the third inning , Valentine began to gesture angrily , furious at the decision and its timing. The game will be made up as part of a doubleheader today at Shea Stadium , starting at 4:40 P. M. To fortify their pitching staff for the doubleheader , the Mets recalled the left-hander Yorkis Perez from Class AAA Norfolk and sent Shawn Gilbert back there.
NEW YORK has been on pooh-bah overload all week. Yesterday , the Democrats ' traveling circus came to town , a field of presidential wannabes large enough to fill an American League baseball lineup ( designated hitter included ). For days , the chatter on television has been about frozen zones and snarled traffic. These plane-hopping leaders may be unwittingly spreading infectious diseases like the hot new worry , SARS , without anyone questioning whether they come here with clean hands. If you need convincing , consider research made public last week by the American Society for Microbiology. The society , based in Washington , commissioned a survey and found that 22 percent of adults using public restrooms at major airports do not bother to wash their hands after taking care of business.
" While Van Gundy ' s band played on , Paul Silas was re-signing in Charlotte , Doc Rivers was taking over in Orlando and Phil Jackson was ditching O ' Hare for O ' Neal , Bradley for Bryant. Playing the good corporate soldier , Checketts fired his " close friend " over dinner and then publicly threw himself to the news media wolves for not telling the truth about a meeting he had to take with Jackson. No argument there. But Van Gundy was better cast last season as the underdog from the fast-food drive-through , when Riley slandered him in a fruitless attempt to fire up his troops.
American troops would begin the job. Only then , once there was relative calm , could the Iraqi Army and the police force preserve the peace while political institutions were established and a functioning democracy took shape. Even those who believed in the promise of Iraqi democracy echoed this view. Each time the political process reached a milestone -- interim constitution , elections , proposed constitution , referendum , elections again -- we embraced the progress but warned that without improved security , all this political development could come to naught. But sometime in the last year , the conventional American view of how to end the violence changed.
The stock market ' s leading indexes rose to record highs again yesterday despite new earnings warnings from several companies. Investors , it appears , are continuing to focus on what good news there is while ignoring -- or discounting -- any negative vibrations. Both the Sunbeam Corporation and Rockwell International said yesterday that their first-quarter earnings may be less than expected , adding their names to a growing list of recent corporate warnings. 4 percent , to 45 3/8 , after it said that orders for appliances were lower than the company had forecast. Rockwell International said price cuts would trim its earnings.
The Red Sox arrived here around 3 a. m. Friday , and Trot Nixon insisted that the Boston baggage did not include sacks of gloom. Did the Yankees act that way when the Red Sox swept them early in the season ? " But the good things were in short supply after the Yankees swept the Red Sox in a three-game series at Yankee Stadium. Boston lost the finale , 5-4 , in 13 innings Thursday night. That left Boston eight and a half games behind the Yankees in the American League East. They were still that far back after Friday night ' s games: the Yankees lost to the Mets and the Red Sox lost again in extra innings , 6-3 , to the Atlanta Braves.
D. Wayne Lukas led Charismatic out of his barn as the first horse entering the track on the day before battle -- just as he expected Charismatic to be first in the 131st Belmont Stakes today before a crowd of more than 80 , 000 at Belmont Park , and complete his dramatic surge from claimer to the Triple Crown. The chestnut colt galloped one mile and three-quarters , which is a quarter of a mile more than he will race in the historic main event today. Racing and winning every couple of weeks , Charismatic has spun a romantic tale that is hard to match in modern racing: ignored as a claimer in California as late as February , fourth in the Santa Anita Derby on April 3 , first in the Lexington Stakes on April 18 , first in the Kentucky Derby at 31-1 on May 1 , first in the Preakness at 8-1 on May 15 and favored at 2-1 to win the Belmont and make history on June 5.
After years of investor activism , are shareholders winning or losing the struggle to be treated with the respect that company owners deserve ? A vote today by investors in Pathmark Stores may provide an answer. The shareholders of Pathmark , a supermarket chain in New York , New Jersey and Philadelphia , are voting on the purchase of a potentially controlling stake in the company by the Yucaipa Companies , an investment firm based in California. The $150 million deal will initially give Mr. Burkle ' s company a 40 percent interest in Pathmark , if it goes through. But Yucaipa would also receive warrants to buy additional Pathmark shares that would increase the firm ' s stake to 60 percent.
OVER the last two weeks , computer scientists and others who think about technology have wondered aloud about its likely role in countering terrorism -- or in carrying it out. Where , on the other hand , might technological innovation emerge or be redirected as a result of recent events ? For Ray Kurzweil , an expert in artificial intelligence and an innovative figure in computing , the events are already accelerating technologies that allow work , and people , to be dispersed rather than centralized. Security experts like Peter Neumann point to the renewed interest -- and perhaps unfounded confidence -- in technologies to confirm identities and track movements.
Steve Young passed for two touchdowns and scored on fourth-quarter runs of 1 and 23 yards as the 49ers spoiled the Indianapolis Colts ' upset bid , 34-31 , yesterday in San Francisco.
Tyco ' s chief executive , Edward D. Breen , acknowledged yesterday that it is not the fast-growth , high-margin collection of assets that L. Dennis Kozlowski , the former chief executive , loved to compare to General Electric. Still , Mr. Breen proudly proclaimed in a conference call with investors that " we ' re going to grow this business back for the future , " now that Tyco has completed its internal investigation , which uncovered a pattern of aggressive accounting and prompted a $382 million restatement in earnings. The new Tyco , though still viable , is what skeptics always thought it was: a hodgepodge of consistently profitable but unconnected , slow-growth businesses that produced things as diverse as surgical gear and home-security systems.
Roy Jones Jr. does not fight often , and he takes a lot of flak for that. Displaying awesome power and accuracy , Jones unleashed a devastating right hand to the side of Virgil Hill that knocked Hill out at 1 minute 10 seconds of the fourth round tonight and demonstrated why Jones is still considered , pound for pound , the best fighter in the game. It was the first time in his career that Hill , a silver medalist in the 1984 Olympic Games and a former International Boxing Federation and World Boxing Association champ , had been knocked out.
CLEAR financial statements are so important to Lisa Black , who runs the $295 million TIAA-CREF Bond Plus fund , that she unloaded the fund ' s Enron bonds soon after she bought them in 1999. Few investors did , but many held onto the company ' s stock and bonds until Enron ' s spectacular financial difficulties last fall. 2 percent a year , on average , for the three years through Thursday , compared with 6 percent for its peer group of intermediate-term bond funds , according to Morningstar Inc. Ms. Black , 42 , invests at least 75 percent of the fund ' s assets in investment-grade corporate bonds as well as in United States Treasury , agency and mortgage-backed securities.
THE Web has given airline customers more convenience and more power. The ability to compare prices instantly at several airlines -- something that was previously available only to travel agents -- can ' t help but keep prices down. But the airlines are still in control. The complicated algorithms they employ to analyze demand , competitors ' prices and other data are the reason the same flight costs $350 one day and $550 the next. Here , online travel sites like Expedia and Travelocity aren ' t much help. Farecast , a new Web service still being tested , monitors and analyzes price data and gives probabilities on when and by how much future fares might rise or fall.
Two campaigns for beer brands took top honors at the 47th annual International Advertising Festival in Cannes , France , winning the Grand Prix awards in the categories of television and cinema advertising as well as print and poster advertising. The popular " Whassup " campaign for Budweiser beer by the Chicago office of DDB Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , won in the television and cinema category in a decision announced on Saturday. In the television and cinema category , of 25 gold awards called Lions , American agencies won 10. Wieden &amp; Kennedy in Portland , Ore. , won four for work for AltaVista , Nike and Stamps.
In a season of firsts for women ' s professional soccer , the Power picked up the first that was the last thing it wanted. The Power became the first team to lose a Women ' s United Soccer Association playoff game , bowing to the Bay Area CyberRays , 3-2 , before a crowd of 7 , 756 at Spartan Stadium today. The CyberRays will play in Saturday ' s final at Foxboro Stadium against the top-seeded Atlanta Beat , a 3-2 winner in double overtime tonight over the Philadelphia Charge. The CyberRays , whose coach , Ian Sawyers , was ejected during halftime for abusive language toward an official , did not wait long to assume the lead.
In the minutes before an offensive explosion by the Giants against Philadelphia that might have made even the St. Louis Rams wink with appreciation , running back Tiki Barber , while being tackled , had his head slammed into the turf. The fans at Veterans Stadium were quiet because they could sniff the offensive storm that was coming , so when Barber ' s head hit , the vibrations reverberated high in the stands , a cracking sound that resembled a car wreck , and Barber lay motionless on the ground. The Giants again advanced deep into Eagles territory in the first half , and Barber turned a routine running play on first down -- called 42 fold -- into a spectacular gallop by first breaking right , then cutting left and outrunning the entire Eagles defense for a 31-yard score.
In acquiring John Olerud from the Toronto Blue Jays yesterday , the Mets raised some questions , but they offered answers both by explanation and by the terms of the trade itself. The Detroit Tigers will pay $4 , 875 , 000 of Ruben Sierra ' s $5. 5 million 1997 salary with Cincinnati , leaving the Reds to pay $625 , 000. From the Blue Jays ' standpoint , they were willing to give the Mets $5 million because they faced the likelihood of releasing Olerud next spring and paying the entire $6. The Blue Jays , in an effort to improve their outfield defense , plan to move Joe Carter from left field to first base.
Last week , it looked to some users of the Google search that the site had started to editorialize. Anyone searching on Google for the phrase " miserable failure " was sent to the official White House biography of President Bush. Google executives say they have no corporate opinion of the Bush presidency. If enough Web pages link a certain Web page to a phrase , the Google search engine will start to associate that page with the phrase -- even if , as in the case of Mr. Bush ' s official biography , the phrase does not occur on the destination Web site.
Public health officials warned about the dangers of widespread , precautionary use of antibiotics. When anthrax was discovered in an office , noses were swabbed. Almost every day now , public health officials have to retool , at times subtly and sometimes quite definitively , the way they are surveying , diagnosing and managing cases of anthrax. Hospitals have received a flurry of memos from the health department guiding them on new views of the illness , and they have responded by changing their procedures and policies week by week. The hospitals in turn have tried hard to educate doctors on the latest thinking about who should be tested , how anthrax differentiates itself from the flu , and who should be given antibiotics.
During their scouting meeting at the Coliseum on Sunday , every Yankees player received two T-shirts referring to the team ' s goal for this season. The Yankees , you may have heard , have been stuck on 26 titles since 2000. On the front , with the NY logo , are the words , " Mission 27. " General Manager Brian Cashman said that every member of the organization would receive a shirt , though the styles would not be available to the public. The contracts of Gary Sheffield and Mike Mussina expire after this season , and the Yankees are one of the oldest teams in the majors.
On the edge of the rich rain forests and gold mines here in the world ' s most populous Muslim country , students at an Islamic boarding school learn to abhor the United States. The Hidayatullah , one of the more extreme of Indonesia ' s religious boarding schools , known as pesantrens , is the home base for a network of 120 branch schools throughout the country. Like the madrasas in Pakistan , pesantrens are led by charismatic leaders who strive to instill their version of Islamic values. Now , as the United States scans the world for breeding grounds for Islamic extremists , some Asia experts in the Bush administration say they are worried about the changing face of religious schools in this nation of 220 million people.
Brian Cashman ' s counterparts in 29 other front offices would snicker , maybe even howl with laughter , if anyone suggested that the Yankees could come up short in starting pitchers. Cashman , the Yankees ' general manager , isn ' t prepared to make that claim; on the contrary , he said yesterday that he " feels very good " about the rotation , even with the indefinite absence of Orlando Hernández and his sore toe. With the addition of Mussina , the Yankees spent spring training seeking a No. 3 ' s. The Yankees were the envy of just about every other manager and pitching coach.
The Denver Broncos have the best record ( 11-1 ) in the National Football League , have won eight consecutive games and own a three-game lead in the American Football Conference West Division. Defensive tackle Michael Dean Perry thinks the Broncos are a team of destiny. John Elway dropped back and fired a pass toward tight end Shannon Sharpe. The ball was tipped by the Minnesota safeties Harlon Barnett and Orlando Thomas near the goal line. Harbaugh Joins Injured List Colts quarterback Jim Harbaugh is expected to miss the next two weeks with a sprained medial collateral ligament in his knee.
Monarchos ' s trainer , John Ward , and owner , John Oxley , were out somewhere , perhaps chewing over what went wrong in the 126th running of the Preakness Stakes. Point Given ' s trainer , Bob Baffert , and jockey , Gary Stevens , suffered through a night like that two weeks ago in Louisville , Ky. , after the colt that they thought was a superhorse clomped home fifth in the Derby. Stevens acknowledged that with Monarchos ' s defeat , the public would be denied the opportunity to witness a horse try to become the 12th winner of the Triple Crown at the Belmont Stakes on June 9.
THE grandstanding heads of the House Government Reform Committee should not hold their breath waiting for Bud Selig and Donald Fehr to accept their invitation to appear before them March 17. The hearing , scheduled by Representative Tom Davis , a Virginia Republican , and Henry A. Waxman , a California Democrat , is Washington at its worst. Davis and Waxman have scheduled the hearing and issued invitations because they can. If they are paying attention , they know that baseball ' s owners and players have implemented a new system of testing and disciplining for steroids use.  " We have a responsibility , " Davis said in the news release announcing the hearing , " to help educate all Americans -- but especially young people who admire and emulate their heroes -- about the very real health risks associated with steroid use. "
Roche Holding Ltd. , the Swiss pharmaceutical giant , said today that it would buy Boehringer Mannheim G. m. b. H. , a large German maker of drugs and diagnostic products , in a deal valued at about $11 billion. The acquisition would make Roche , parent of Hoffman-La Roche Inc. , the world ' s largest maker of diagnostic products. Also included is a controlling stake in DePuy Inc. , an American maker of orthopedic products. The deal is another big step in the consolidation of the world ' s health care industry , coming less than one year after Ciba-Geigy A. G. and Sandoz A. G. teamed up in a $36 billion merger to form the world ' s largest drug company , Novartis A. G. The industry is becoming dominated by a handful of giant companies partly because of the sharply rising costs of developing and marketing new drugs.
Today , Mr. Reed , now Citicorp ' s chief executive , is staking his entire franchise on an even more audacious plan: an agreement to merge with Travelers Group Inc. , a $70 billion transaction that is the biggest deal in history. If successful , the merger promises to reorder the landscape in financial services. That is a big if , however , since the marriage depends not only on changes in the law that currently restricts combining banking and insurance but also on melding profoundly different corporate cultures. Yesterday , Citicorp and Travelers laid out the managerial hierarchy at the merged company , to be called Citigroup.
CARDINALS 9 , CUBS 5 McGwire hit his 65th homer and Sammy Sosa hit his 63d yesterday as the host St. Louis Cardinals closed out an otherwise dismal year with a 9-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs in a game called after 4 innings because of rain. McGwire homered six times in the final seven games , and moved past Ted Williams and Willie McCovey into 10th place on the career list with 522. Throughout the season , McGwire insisted his home-run accomplishments meant nothing compared to how the Cardinals fared. St. Louis finished 75-86 and 21 games behind in the National League Central.
Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield said he was unaware that his name had been revealed as part of a federal investigation of steroid distribution to professional athletes until he arrived Wednesday morning at the team ' s minor league facility. Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi also testified before the grand jury investigating Balco. Alfonso Soriano is 28 years old , not 26 , and that did not come as a surprise to the Texas Rangers. The Rangers knew Soriano was older than had been reported when they acquired him from the Yankees in the trade for Alex Rodriguez.  " The Yankees were upfront , " Gregg Elkin , a Rangers spokesman , said Wednesday. "
When it comes to offshore racing , few regattas in the world compare to the Champagne Mumm Admiral ' s Cup. Like sterling on damask , it is a prestigious yacht-racing affair seldom tarnished by the avant-garde of open sailboat design. To heighten the yacht ' s mystery , the 50-foot Krazy K-Yote Two has been kept under wraps like a new sports car at an auto show. Each will race with a complement of three boats: a big-boat , a 50-footer rated under handicapping rules; a medium-sized boat , a Sydney 40 rated under its one-design class rules; and a small boat , a Mumm 36 , governed by its class rules.
The president of the A. F. L. -C. I. O. , John Sweeney , plans to ask consumers to boycott three products made by Procter &amp; Gamble to show support for actors who are on strike against the advertising industry. 1 million workers , will ask consumers to forgo the use of Tide laundry detergent , Crest toothpaste and Ivory soap. The boycott is scheduled to be announced at a Tuesday morning rally in Bryant Park in Manhattan. The actors aren ' t alone in fighting for the future as the economy shifts , and employers sometimes value profits over people. "
LYNN E. TURNER , the chief accountant at the Securities and Exchange Commission , has a name for the questionable financial figures that are increasingly common in corporate press releases.  " Investors who see such press releases should view them with caution and appropriate skepticism , " Mr. Turner said. Adding that the use of pro forma figures was out-of-control , he advises investors to instead consult the quarterly filings companies make to the S. E. C. , which report financial results in a more complete and balanced fashion. Forget about the income statement ' s top line and middle line and focus only on earnings.
Three agencies resigned accounts. The American unit of Club Mediterranee S. A. and its agency , Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer Euro RSCG in New York , agreed to part ways after four years. Team One Advertising in El Segundo , Calif. , decided against taking part in a review on its America West Airlines account , with billings estimated at $20 million to $24 million. Dianne Segura , a spokeswoman for America West in Phoenix , said the company would soon select 10 to 12 other agencies to proceed in the review , which began last month. And TBWA Chiat/Day , a unit of Omnicom Group in New York , declined to compete in a review that began this month for the domestic account of the KPMG Peat Marwick accounting firm , which it had handled for five years.
The primary field here is filled every day with Yankees stars , Derek Jeter and Bernie Williams and Paul O ' Neill and Roger Clemens. 2 , to spy on the organization ' s top prospects. Nick Johnson , a 20-year-old first baseman , slashes line drives , as does shortstop Alfonso Soriano. Ryan Bradley fires his darting sinker , and Luis DelosSantos slings fastballs with arms seemingly as long as telephone poles. Brian Cashman , the Yankees ' general manager , will not go so far as to call any of these youngsters untouchable -- one or two significant injuries to the pitching rotation and the Yankees could suddenly be in pursuit of Philadelphia ' s Curt Schilling -- but the value of young players has soared in recent years.
The newspapers have been full of the industry ' s misfortune. Krispy Kreme Doughnuts announced in late August that it had its second consecutive disappointing quarter , after years of being a Wall Street darling. It is closing one of its doughnut factories , and federal investigators are looking into its accounting practices. For the most part , the news media hardly followed up with the kind of investigative work that makes a reporter proud. Actually , most of the effort was expended on coming up with the most awful puns for headlines ( " For Some , Love Affair With Krispy Kreme Has Lost Its Sweetness " ; " The Legend Grows Stale " ).
The sprawling soundstages and back lots of Astoria Studios eventually fell into the hands of the Army , which used them to produce training films. The blocklong warehouselike buildings of the Kaufman Astoria Studios , as it is now known , are a thriving outpost of Hollywood. Moving pictures -- on celluloid , television , video games and computer monitors -- are so ubiquitous they are sometimes taken for granted without any thought to the technology and work that go into making them , or to their extraordinary history. or wondered what all those people listed in the closing credits do , you will find the answers in Astoria.
LIKE any title fight , it was supposed to be over after 12 rounds , but with all the commotion over the debatable draw between Evander Holyfield and Lennox Lewis , it ' s as if it were now scheduled for 12 weeks , if not 12 months or more. But if boxing ' s political and promotional structure eventually is changed for the better because of the outcry , the debatable draw will have been worth more to boxing than all the lore of the Thrilla in Manila or the Long Count. Unless evidence of criminal bribery in the judging of the debatable draw is uncovered by the District Attorney ' s office , the vote for Lewis by the South African judge , the vote for Holyfield by the American judge and the vote for a draw by the British judge are no longer relevant.
A year ago , Bill Burnham was just about to give up on his early foray into high-definition television. After paying $2 , 400 for a 36-inch TV set that was high-definition ready , and $1 , 000 more for a satellite receiver with a built-in tuner capable of displaying supersharp images on his movie-shaped screen , he spent a day setting it all up in his home in Palo Alto. But then Mr. Burnham , a venture capitalist , discovered through an online Bay Area forum that many local HDTV devotees were watching over-the-air network programs beamed from San Francisco ' s prominent Sutro broadcast tower.
Prices of Treasury securities rose for the third consecutive session yesterday , as another report , this one on home resales , supported the view that the economy ' s growth is slowing. The benchmark 30-year bond gained 22/32 , to a price of 97 26/32; its yield , which moves in the opposite direction of its price , fell to 6. 25 billion of new two-year notes , and in when-issued trading ahead of the sale , the yield dropped three basis points from the previous day to 6. Analysts said the yield decline not only reflected market gains for the day , but also indicated there would be good investor demand now that the Fed had decided not to raise short-term interest rates soon.
YOU could feel it all week from the Rams and the Titans , all of them thrilled to be in the 34th Super Bowl. For all this love of parity , the Titans had never appeared in a Super Bowl , going back to the Houston Oilers franchise that began in 1960 , and the Rams had lost in their only appearance in a previous life in Los Angeles back in 1980. Everybody knows that , essentially to keep his job , Vermeil agreed to hire Mike Martz from Washington to be his offensive coordinator. The Rams blew a 16-0 lead , but then Kurt Warner threw the 73-yard touchdown pass to Bruce , and a coach who has been known to cry at sunsets and photos of puppies somehow managed to keep from blubbering.
If he is elected president on Sunday , as everyone expects he will be , Vladimir V. Putin says he will use a trusted group of former colleagues from the K. G. B. to tackle Russia ' s endemic corruption. A former officer of the K. G. B. , the Soviet intelligence service , and later head of Russia ' s domestic intelligence service , Mr. Putin made a rapid ascent in the Kremlin , stirring concerns among Russians who fear he may try to roll back the nation ' s hard-won freedoms. But in a brief interview with Ted Koppel of the ABC News program " Nightline , " Mr. Putin sought to assure the West that his intelligence connections would be used to build a more fair and even-handed system.
If Derek Jeter reaches an agreement on the largest sports contract in New York history , it will probably come early next week. Casey Close , the agent for the Yankees shortstop , is engaged in negotiations with the team , and while club executives and Close did not return calls yesterday , one major league executive with knowledge of the talks said there was optimism about a long-term deal. 5 million contract , but the Yankees ' principal owner , George Steinbrenner , never gave final approval , a decision that will force him to guarantee millions more if he wants to keep Jeter , an All-Star shortstop who is eligible for free agency after next season.
Perhaps the most extraordinary aspect of Darfur isn ' t that gunmen on the Sudanese payroll heave babies into bonfires as they shout epithets against blacks. The international community has focused on getting U. N. peacekeepers into Darfur , but Sudan refuses to admit them. Possibilities include Bill Clinton , Jimmy Carter , Richard Holbrooke and Bernard Kouchner ( a founder of Doctors Without Borders ). The focus has been on getting U. N. peacekeepers into Darfur , and they are needed , but in the long run only a peace accord can calm Darfur. " This is distracting from the main need , " Mudawi Ibrahim Adam , a Sudanese human rights campaigner , said of the focus on peacekeepers.
D. at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology developing quantitative methods for making chemical plants more productive. com and has built an 800 , 000-equation computer model of the company ' s sprawling operation , meant to help do most everything from scheduling Christmas overtime to rerouting trucks in a snowstorm. Dr. Allgor ' s work is part of a major shift in direction for Amazon. com , the online retailing giant. And instead of designing zippy new features for its Web site and plotting new industries to conquer , its employees are turning to the tedious work of ordinary companies: cutting costs and raising revenue.
Warp was a businessman living in Chicago who loved collecting artifacts of the past and filming his experiences to show to his family back in Nebraska. Then , Ruth rounds the bases , making mocking gestures to the bench jockeys on the Cubs who were riding him mercilessly. And now , as millennium lists have proliferated , the spotlight has been shone on the century ' s great moments in sports. At the 1993 reunion , a relative videotaped the films as they were projected on a meeting room wall in a motel owned by Warp. Ruth played only two games in Wrigley Field with the Yankees , and the film clearly showed him swatting a home run at the ballpark.
Given the go-ahead by the Knicks spokesman Joe Favorito , Marbury bolted toward the seated Wilkens , welcoming him to New York with a hug. A. , has had great starts with coaches before , but now more than ever he knows he needs to make sure his connection with this one remains strong. In Atlanta , Mookie Blaylock enjoyed his best seasons under Wilkens , earning the only All-Star berth of his 13-year career. Though Marbury shoots and scores a lot , as a shooting guard does , so did Isiah Thomas , the Knicks ' president and a legendary point guard.
A former senior trader with the Enron Corporation pleaded guilty yesterday to manipulating the California power market illegally during the state ' s energy crisis and then lying about his actions to federal law enforcement officials. The trader , Jeffrey Richter , 33 , was the former head of Enron ' s short-term California energy trading desk. He is the second Enron trader to plead guilty to manipulating the California energy market for the purpose of driving up prices and generating millions of dollars in excess profits for the company. Such trading tactics , however , did not create the energy debacle that hobbled California in 2000 and 2001.
The reverberation of Asia ' s problems into other markets around the world has made the past year exceeding difficult for investors in emerging-market funds.  " It is appropriate to own emerging-market stocks as part of a diversified portfolio , in part because they don ' t move in lock step with other equity classes , " said David H. Bugen , a partner at Bugen Stuart Korn &amp; Cordaro , a financial advisory firm in Chatham , N. J.  " But to be an investor in these markets , you need to have a strong stomach and a time horizon of at least 7 to 10 years. "
When he resumed the interview Thursday , Edwards admitted that his commitment to coaching had been tested this year , not by the mounting losses but by the lost time with his family. The recent apparent suicide of the eldest son of Edwards ' s close friend Tony Dungy merely sharpened Edwards ' s parental pangs. Bill Belichick , whose Patriots ( 9-5 ) will play the Jets on Monday night at the Meadowlands , is among the coaches who have telephoned Edwards recently to praise him. Scott Gragg came out of retirement and has bolstered the offensive line despite a bad back.
Connecticut used a quick transition game and balanced scoring to extend its record winning streak to 63 games today with an 84-44 victory over Seton Hall. " I think as long as the ball is moving and people are getting open shots , I think that ' s great for the team. " But tonight ' s game was never close; UConn shot 58. The Huskies took advantage of the misses to score 21 points in transition compared with 2 by Seton Hall ( 12-10 , 6-6 ). UConn was also dominant at the free-throw line , converting 19 of 20 attempts.
PAUL SILAS was at the office early yesterday morning preparing for his first draft as head coach of the Charlotte Hornets. I don ' t understand that. " He was drafted in 1964 by the St. Louis Hawks in the second round ( 12th pick over all ) and ended his career with Seattle in 1980. " Kids were making enormous amounts of money , the league began marketing them more , they were seen a lot more on TV. " They dictate scores. The marketing , the money , the allure , the exposure has made players eager to get better , imitate , improve , perform feats of ballet that Michael Jordan never imagined.
American bombers laid a heavy barrage across the snowcapped mountains here early this morning as efforts to arrange a surrender of embattled Osama bin Laden fighters broke down. In Washington , a senior military officer said on Tuesday that United States intelligence had intercepted radio communications among Al Qaeda forces talking about Mr. bin Laden ' s location in the Tora Bora area. Although a turnover of weapons had been scheduled for 8 a. m. , the morning began in confusion as mujahedeen fighters , at first resting on the hillsides , began racing up and down the dirt tracks in pickup trucks stuffed with weapons.
The new system meant Coke ' s bottlers would no longer bring Powerade to Wal-Mart stores. A group of 60 bottlers , who together represent about 10 percent of Coke ' s volume in the United States , responded by filing two lawsuits against Coca-Cola and Coca-Cola Enterprises , Coke ' s largest bottler. , and state court in Birmingham , Ala. , the suits argue that delivery straight to the warehouse violates Coke ' s Powerade contract with bottlers. They seek to prevent the extension of a test already under way in Coca-Cola Enterprises ' territory in Texas. Coke owns 36 percent of Coca-Cola Enterprises.
Their parents , many of whom were robbed of a chance at higher education by the turmoil of Mao ' s Cultural Revolution , are often more nervous than their offspring , and have at least as much invested in the result. Ms. Zhang and her husband were among those who missed out on college in Mao ' s upheaval , and then , as things returned to normal in the late 1970 ' s , were held to a single child by newly stringent family planning rules. Like a growing number of parents , Ms. Zhang and her husband splurged to rent an air-conditioned hotel room near their daughter ' s assigned test site , so she would have a comfortable place to rest between sessions.
Bowing to regulatory concerns , the New York Stock Exchange yesterday delayed until next year its plans to convert to public ownership , and its chairman said it would consider making its self-policing unit a separate entity. Backing away from his own aggressive prediction that the conversion would occur by Thanksgiving , the chairman , Richard Grasso , said " very significant public policy " questions remain. Concerns about the structure of the regulatory unit and tax issues led the exchange ' s board to vote to delay the possible initial public offering , he said. A public offering could raise considerable money for the exchange and give it a currency useful for acquisitions as it faces increasing challenges from electronic trading networks , data companies and other competitors.
After pulling off an overtime victory over Washington on Sunday , the Giants ' defense , wheezing by the end of regulation , has a chance to catch its second wind. Six days after losing to Dallas in overtime , the Giants lost another lead and were pushed to overtime by a Washington offense that , after being confused for three quarters , cut the Giants ' secondary to ribbons. Mara has been involved with the Giants for eight decades. Bad defense was never part of the Giants ' infrastructure. The Giants are 2-1. After a wretched start last season , the Jets surged into the playoffs.
The Rangers ' seven-game winning streak had come to an end on Thursday night , but when their noon practice time came today , the ice was empty. Coach John Muckler let his players work on their conditioning rather than work out any flaws from the frustrating 4-3 loss to Toronto. The Rangers , who have played eight games in the last 13 days , flew today to Ottawa for a Saturday night game against the Senators. Muckler opted to keep the team off the ice today in an attempt to save their strength for the games. Adam Graves , who took a puck in the face late in Thursday ' s game , walked around the locker room with his right eye almost closed.
The slimmed-down Calleri ended Andre Agassi ' s three-year run as champion of the Nasdaq-100 Open , eliminating him on Tuesday in the fourth round , 6-2 , 7-6. Calleri will face the winner of the match between Vince Spadea and Paradorn Srichaphan in the quarterfinals. Second-seeded Andy Roddick defeated Guillermo Canas , 6-3 , 6-3 , on Tuesday to move into the quarterfinals. On the women ' s side , Serena Williams cruised into Thursday ' s semifinals with a match that amounted to little more than a hitting session , a 6-0 , 6-1 whipping of Jill Craybas that showcased Williams ' s most consistent tennis since her return to action in this tournament.
It was not really the criticism , either. The fourth year of his contract is an option , which means Rhett will be able to negotiate with other teams in the National Football League , with the Bucs being able to match any offer he gets. Rhett wanted a pay increase for ' 96; few starting backs on any N. F. L. team earn less than $1 million a season. That dropped Tampa Bay to a 1-7 record and kept them in last place in the National Football Conference Central in Tony Dungy ' s first season as head coach. N. F. L. teams will come calling next year for Rhett and , one way or another , he will gain the contract he deserves.
The stock market rebounded yesterday , as investors were soothed by reports that the economy remains resilient and merger activity is still vibrant.. A day after the Dow Jones industrial average fell 87. 44 points , heavy buying of blue-chip issues helped the Dow climb 66. 76 points , or about eight-tenths of a percent , to close at 8 , 870. The Standard &amp; Poor ' s 500-stock index gained 1. 1 percent to close at 1 , 094. 83 and the Nasdaq composite soared 1. Yesterday ' s gain , though , still leaves most major stock indexes far off their all-time highs.
Technology stocks plunged yesterday , as investors used additional signs of a softening economy and confirmation from Vice President Al Gore that he intends to continue his fight for the presidency as excuses to sell shares. Stocks like Microsoft , Qualcomm and Ciena , which still have high price-to-earnings multiples despite big drops this year , led the Nasdaq composite index lower. 98 , a 52-week closing low and its lowest level since Oct. 19 , 1999. It was the seventh decline for the Nasdaq index in the last eight sessions. Traders said that much of the decline came during the afternoon , after Mr. Gore reiterated his intention to continue his legal battle for votes in Florida that might win him the presidency over Gov.
American Airlines no longer publishes one. The other big airlines do not plan to follow American ' s lead , though some are making changes. United Airlines , which spends about $2 million printing some 200 , 000 copies of each of its six editions yearly , has eliminated its timetables for individual cities. " Delta Air Lines also intends to keep its pocket edition , which it publishes quarterly in printings of about 800 , 000. But because it stopped listing connecting flights last September , the pocket guide has been greatly slimmed down. Seven years ago , when Continental Airlines was operating under bankruptcy protection , it eliminated its printed timetable except for its most frequent fliers , but as the airline returned to solvency , it reinstated it for everyone.
Frank R. Lautenberg , the Democratic nominee for Senate , said today that he unequivocally stands behind the Senate resolution giving President Bush the authority to act against Iraq , as he and the Republican candidate , Douglas R. Forrester , spent the day focusing on the potential war. We need a strong defense; we need strong intelligence gathering; we need a strong F. B. I. ; we need to bring terrorists to justice. Mr. Lautenberg called a news conference at the George Washington Bridge to address the criticism. Standing in the shadow of the bridge , he was flanked by three men who lost family members to acts of terrorism -- the crash of Pan Am Flight 103 at Lockerbie , Scotland , and a suicide bombing in Israel.
Hewing to the five-year budget deal struck between the White House and Congressional Republicans , both the House and Senate tax bills include $30 billion-plus in tax breaks for college students. And while both have been criticized by President Clinton for doing " an inadequate job of opening the door to college , " the White House ' s alternative is close enough to assure that a variation will be part of the eventual tax package. But many economists , including some who favor increased investment in education , see little cause for applause. More generally , they view new tax incentives with skepticism , doubting that the benefit is worth the price in added complexity and government involvement in private decision-making. "
They kept pace with the Pistons , who lost Game 7 in the N. B. But in the third quarter , in what is becoming a defining feature of the Knicks ' season , the offense turned to ice , scoring only 8 points. Eddy Curry , still listed as questionable after missing five games with a strained calf , practiced Saturday and will play Sunday afternoon , barring soreness , when the Knicks play host to the Boston Celtics. After practice , the Knicks announced that they had waived Matt Barnes , a small forward who started on opening night but had been bothered recently by a sore left foot.
Pavano was standing in front of his locker in the Montreal Expos ' clubhouse before the team ' s first pitcher-and-catcher workout of spring training. He was talking , at his visitor ' s request , about his pitch that Mark McGwire hit last Sept. 27 for his final home run of one of the most memorable sports seasons ever. 7 million out of the $3 million that a comic book publisher named Todd McFarlane paid for it at auction. Thurman is Pavano ' s teammate and fellow member of the Expos ' starting pitching rotation. Thurman , 25 years old , and Pavano , 23 , have one other link , more historic than their living or pitching arrangements.
In less time than it took most shareholders to traverse the narrow , congested streets of downtown São Paulo to get to Banco Itaú ' s headquarters , the annual shareholder meeting opened and closed. Like many of Brazil ' s largest companies , Banco Itaú , the country ' s second-largest private bank , is controlled by closely related families , and the air in the meeting was cozy. In the front row , Olavo Setubal , 78 , the patriarch of the Setubal family , and Maria de Lourdes Egydio Villela , 52 , the matriarch of the Villela family , sat whispering and winking at the handful of cousins and children who now occupy various positions of power at the bank.
Not only did Jackson , a 22-year-old free-agent rookie , make the team , but in the absence of the injured forward Keith Van Horn , Scott also plans to start Jackson at small forward in the Nets ' season opener Tuesday against the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers. On Tuesday , Jackson will be officially introduced to the highest level of his sport. On Friday , in a 91-83 victory over Cleveland in Cincinnati in the Nets ' final preseason game , he scored 13 points in 34 minutes on electrifying dunks and explosive drives to the basket. 8 points a game in exhibitions.
Almost three dozen horses were entered yesterday in the four stakes that make up tomorrow ' s Breeders ' Cup Preview at Belmont Park , which stars Skip Away and Siphon , who have combined earnings of $7 million but almost no chance of going on to the Breeders ' Cup three weeks later. Skip Away was made the even-money favorite , with Siphon next at 7-5 odds , in the $1 million Jockey Club Gold Cup , the main event of a day devoted to preparing horses for the Breeders ' Cup at Hollywood Park on Nov. 8. So , the two horses will stage their personal shootout tomorrow at Belmont.
And if iCenter buyers choose to add more devices , they can also use the system while they are away from home , to control the stereo , the electric coffee pot and other household appliances. A home security system used to mean no more than motion detectors , magnetic contacts to monitor doors and windows , smoke detectors and a " panic " button that summoned help. But as technology has advanced , and computing costs have declined , more security companies like ADT Security Services , maker of the iCenter , have begun incorporating " smart home " features that let people control household functions from a central location.
FROM his old friend , Chris Webber has received the following advice regarding his trade to the Sacramento Kings , a team he is reportedly not overjoyed about playing for: show up , suit up and shut up. That would likewise have been prudent advice to the rest of the conscientious objectors from the National Basketball Association who would not serve Uncle David Stern ' s country club in Athens at the world championships , in the face of a lockout. So instead of the likes of Webber and company , the United States went to battle yesterday with the anti-Dream Team , with players from the European leagues and the basketball bushes , with Jimmy King of the Quad City Thunder.
A team that ended up being loathed by parts of middle America last season for its brazen arrogance and outlaw roster has emerged this season with an identity as indistinguishable as a blade of grass. Nothing about the Knicks stands out. The same Knicks who finished last year with a dynamic personality have fallen back into the kind of mediocre state that nearly ruined them before they awoke for an electric springtime playoff run. Nearly despondent , the Knicks shrugged their shoulders as to why they have reverted to their bad habits and shuffled out of the Staples Center in Los Angeles Tuesday night embarrassed.
In the clubby world of corporate boardrooms , outside directors are rarely held responsible for what befalls their companies. But as more questions emerge over the board ' s independence and role in the collapse of Enron , the outsiders who were Enron directors are coming under sharp criticism. And doubts are increasing over whether they will ever be named to other boards.  " The directors of Enron are going to carry this stigma with them , " said Patrick McGurn , a vice president at Institutional Shareholder Services , which advises large investors about proxy issues. " What makes the Enron case different , Mr. McGurn said , is how " sudden and final " the company ' s fall was for its shareholders. "
Yesterday afternoon , just before the ceremony at the Clark Sports Center here , under gray clouds that threatened rain , a commotion bubbled up and grew in intensity. Murray , for example , is considered , after Mickey Mantle , the greatest slugging switch-hitter ever. As a first baseman for the Orioles , Dodgers , Mets , Indians and Angels , Murray wound up playing 21 seasons and becoming the third player -- behind Mays and Henry Aaron -- to get more than 500 home runs and 3 , 000 hits. Carter is only the 14th catcher to make the Hall of Fame , and he turned to three of the 50 Hall of Famers sitting behind him on the dais.
Never mind that its subject matter , the role of religion in American politics , has been far hotter this summer than the actual weather. Three former presidential aides found in these pages suggest the book ' s ideological spectrum: a conservative , Gary L. Bauer; a liberal , Paul Begala; and a libertarian , Doug Bandow. Here is a nearly endless buffet of reflections rather than one or two main courses to praise or criticize. The collection is " anchored " -- the editors ' carefully chosen image -- by two presentations made at an event sponsored by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life.
Instead , the Nittany Lions are 4-6 and will not play in a bowl game for only the fifth time under Paterno. Paterno had a chance to break Bear Bryant ' s Division I-A record of 323 career victories this year , but the best Paterno can now hope for is a tie. Defensive back Adam Taliaferro , the freshman who suffered a spinal-cord injury late in the loss to Ohio State , has now made some progress in his rehabilitation. He said he might have made a mistake by scheduling a 12th game this year against Southern Cal , a season-opening loss that preceded another loss to a stronger-than-expected Toledo team.
It happened first in California 15 years ago: a housing boom touched off a litigation boom as legions of lawyers filed lawsuits accusing builders of shoddy workmanship. Fueled by Americans ' gambling fever , Las Vegas and other Nevada resort cities have seen dizzying economic and population growth the last decade. And California lawyers who specialize in cases involving home construction defects , hit by a slump in their state ' s housing market , are practically drooling over the prospects next door. They are taking the Nevada bar exam at double the rate of three years ago and are aggressively wooing Nevada property managers and homeowners associations.
On the run , he flipped the ball back over the net and had the snap reflex to field a sharp volley by a hard-charging Nicolas Escude and put it away for a winner. From there , a relentless Agassi , placing his ground strokes like a pool shark , reconfirmed his status as the player most likely to succeed at the United States Open with a 7-6 ( 7-3 ) , 6-3 , 6-4 victory against the 136th-ranked Frenchman last night to advance to the semifinals against third-seeded Yevgeny Kafelnikov. Escude could not argue that. Although he was challenged by the blistering serves of Escude in the first set , once Agassi found his comfort zone with the speed and kick of his serve , he started lashing back returns that either licked the lines or fell deep at Escude ' s feet.
The Philadelphia Phillies complained to the National League office earlier this season about cameras at Shea Stadium , concerned that the Mets were using them to steal signs. Then , when the Phillies were at Shea again last week , Mets Manager Bobby Valentine said , the cords to one of the three cameras -- the one closest to the visitor ' s dugout -- were cut. Asked if he were insinuating that the Phillies were responsible , Valentine said , " I ' m sure it was a fan. " During batting practice before the first game of today ' s doubleheader at Veterans Stadium , Valentine reached down into the dirt behind home plate and picked up a small blade , made for an electric saw.
The chief executive of the Ford Motor Company , Jacques A. Nasser , has resigned , according to a person close to the company. William Clay Ford Jr. , the chairman of Ford and the great-grandson of Henry Ford , will take over as chief executive. The resignation of Mr. Nasser , 53 , brings to a close an increasingly embattled tenure , troubled by a dispute with Bridgestone that led to Ford ' s recall of millions of Firestone tires. Ford has also suffered from falling sales , quality problems and dealers ' criticism. In recent months , its financial losses have mounted , as well as the loss of some of its share of the market while its larger rival , General Motors , has gained somewhat.
On Sunday afternoon , Houston played 39 minutes in the Knicks ' victory over the Washington Wizards. He will be ready again Tuesday night when the Knicks play host to the Boston Celtics. After off-season arthroscopic surgery on his right knee and a stop-and-start recovery this season , Houston , who will turn 33 in April , can now think about the postseason again and can see himself as a major part of it.
Six Sigma. In consultant-speak , it denotes the path to a corporate nirvana where everything -- from product design to manufacturing to billing -- proceeds without a hitch. In practice , Six Sigma is a statistical quality-control method that combines the art of the efficiency expert with the science of the computer geek. And a growing group of big no-nonsense companies like Allied Signal , Motorola and General Electric swear by it.  " Six Sigma has galvanized our company with an intensity the likes of which I have never seen in my 40 years at G. E. , " said John F. Welch , the chairman of General Electric.
Take Baltimore ' s Davey Johnson , the manager of the winningest team in the American League but one who cannot stay out of harm ' s way. Instead of letting sleeping feuds lie , Johnson on Monday stirred the embers of his rift with the Orioles ' owner , Peter Angelos , by suggesting his contract either be extended or bought out so that he can turn his attention to another team. Angelos , the one owner megalomaniacal enough to make George Steinbrenner look retiring , fired back yesterday by , what else , hinting that Johnson could be fired for cause.
If you were certain your bank was charging you for every service possible , think again. Chase began charging the fee last year , as customers find out when they receive their renewal notices. Box holders who have Chase accounts and who let the bank deduct the safe-deposit box rent directly from their checking accounts do not have to pay the fee; about half the bank ' s safe-deposit boxes , however , are rented by noncustomers. Two Chase rivals , Citibank and Bank of New York , do not charge an invoice fee. Last week , Chase announced that it was cutting some fees and lowering its monthly balance requirements for its main checking and checking-with-interest accounts.
One model glimmers with faux stained glass; another portrays the Virgin of Guadalupe with her hands folded in prayer. A third coffin bears the design of an AIDS ribbon , and a fourth resembles a package wrapped in brown paper , complete with a stamped message , " Return to Sender. " They developed a method for applying a high-resolution photo-laminate mural to steel; a patent is pending.
Although the Islanders ' owners have offered to finance most of the cost of building a new arena to replace Nassau Coliseum , at least three conditions must be met to complete a deal , including the county ' s buying out the current lease from SMG , the company that runs the arena. In addition , the financing for the arena , which has an estimated cost of $300 million , would require additional money from the state , which has previously committed $30 million , according to persons involved in the discussions. The owners ' arena-financing offer , first reported by Newsday , was made last month in a meeting attended by Gluckstern , Edward Milstein , County Executive Thomas Gulotta and Gary Bettman , the N. H. L. commissioner.
As Kenyon Martin returns to play in New Jersey today for the first time since the Nets let him go in a controversial sign-and-trade with Denver last summer , he carries this distinction: He has had 5 coaches in 13 months. With the Nuggets , Jeff Bzdelik was replaced by the interim coach Michael Cooper , and now Martin is settling in , appreciatively , with George Karl. For the first half of the season , fan enthusiasm waned as the Nuggets ' losses mounted. Since Karl ' s hiring , the Nuggets have gone 6-2 , coming into the Meadowlands off Friday ' s nationally televised victory over Cleveland.
Valhol , the Arkansas Derby winner whose jockey may or may not have used an illegal electrical device during the race , will get to run in the Kentucky Derby after all , although not with the same jockey. , yesterday , Pulaski County Circuit Judge John Plegge ordered the Arkansas Racing Commission to pay Valhol ' s owner , Jim Jackson , the $300 , 000 winner ' s purse from the Arkansas Derby despite arguments by the commission that the Kentucky Derby would be tainted if Valhol ran in the race. Valhol will now have sufficient stakes earnings to qualify for Saturday ' s Kentucky Derby , which is expected to have a full field of 20 horses for its 125th running.
Johnson , who coached the Dallas Cowboys to two Super Bowl championships before sitting out the last two seasons , probably faces one of his tougher motivational challenges this season. They have just 149 yards rushing through two exhibition games , including 89 in a 24-21 loss to Chicago on Sunday. A bigger eye-opener to at least some of the Dolphins has been the no-holds-barred battlefield Johnson has made of training camp. Offensive tackle Ron Heller , who retired just before camp opened because of injuries , noticed one refreshing thing about the new coach.
Ohio State had struck the final blow in a back-and-forth battle with Arizona State and emerged with a 20-17 victory. The victory capped a brilliant 11-1 season , and Cooper , who had formerly coached at Arizona State , became the first head coach to lead teams from the Pacific-10 and the Big Ten conferences to Rose Bowl victories. The Buckeyes are host to Wyoming in Columbus , Ohio , in their season opener. " His players have won almost every major award from the Heisman ( Eddie George ) to the Lombardi ( Orlando Pace ). Last season , the Buckeyes crushed Notre Dame , annihilated Penn State and then , at home in Columbus , lost , 13-9 , in the regular-season finale.
By turning aside 31 shots in a 3-1 victory at Madison Square Garden last night , Rangers goaltender Henrik Lundqvist ended the Devils ' nine-game winning streak , the second longest in franchise history. Lundqvist , 23 , also became the first Rangers rookie to record 20 victories in a season since Mike Richter had 21 in 1990-91. With a victory in the first game of a five-game homestand , the Rangers ( 28-14-7 ) moved past Buffalo into sole possession of fourth place in the Eastern Conference with 63 points in 49 games. The Rangers trail first-place Philadelphia by 3 points in the Atlantic Division.
The Miami Dolphins were in their defensive huddle before the Atlanta Falcons came to the line of the scrimmage today in the game ' s waning seconds , needing 1 yard to possibly force overtime. Safety Brock Marion heard linebacker Zach Thomas say above the din: " Keep your heads up. Marion said that the unity coming out of that huddle was remarkable as the Dolphins stopped Atlanta fullback Bob Christian short , preserving a 21-14 victory and clinching a playoff spot in front of 73 , 559 at Pro Player Stadium. Atlanta tried to do that and now the Falcons are 7-8 and eliminated from playoff contention in the National Football Conference.
Back then , West Virginia flourished with homegrown boys who learned the game without enough level ground for boys to play five on five and practice the nuances of dribbling and defense and rebounding. But a boy could shoot all day at a rim nailed to a telephone pole or a tree. The coal companies blast off the tops of mountains and dump the rubble into the valleys , clogging the streams. Twelve miners were killed in an underground mine explosion in Sago , W. Va. , last winter. Last year the Mountaineers reached the Round of Eight before losing to Louisville in overtime.
 " Today we are here to show the Americans that we will stand strong against all aggression against Iraq , " said Abdullah Jamin Ahmed , 50 , a retiree with a gray mustache and an AK-47 leaning against his left shoulder. This was not the first parade , in recent months , of the Jerusalem Army , a civilian militia that claims seven million members around Iraq , but it appeared to be the largest. Perhaps 50 , 000 militia members -- men , women , the old and big-bellied as well as the young and trim -- marched here to prove that ordinary Iraqis are armed and ready to fight if the United States carries out its threat to attack Iraq.
Hesitant investors awaiting a glimmer of good news in the battered computer sector or an excuse for the Federal Reserve to leave interest rates alone found both late last week , and responded by slamming their hands down on the " buy " button. B. M. ' s $16 billion contract with Dell Computer , and the Labor Department ' s announcement that unemployment had unexpectedly ticked up a bit in February while average wages barely budged. The Dow industrials closed Friday at a new high of 9 , 736. Broader market indexes posted more modest but still healthy gains. Many European and Asian markets rode on Wall Street ' s coattails Friday and finished ahead for the week.
When life is not going so smoothly and people reach for goodies full of fat and sugar , they are doing more than surrendering to cravings. Comfort foods like chocolate cake and ice cream literally blunt the body ' s response to chronic stress , scientists reported last week. Eating calorie-rich food seems to calm the nerves , but eating too much can lead to obesity , depression and more stress. This is the first time it has been shown that the tendency to overeat in the face of chronic stress is biologically driven , said Dr. Norman Pecoraro , a postdoctoral fellow at the University of California at San Francisco who helped carry out the research in rats.
So many contenders entered the final round of the British Open with more experience and more success than Ben Curtis , the eventual champion. When they reflect on what could have been , Tiger Woods , Vijay Singh , Thomas Bjorn , Davis Love III and Sergio García will all wish they could play the final round again. ' It ' s obviously a surprise , but when the golf course plays like this , and when it ' s a fine line between a good shot and a bad shot , then these things can happen. GOLF Correction: August 11 , 2003 , Monday A sports article last Monday about Annika Sorenstam ' s victory in the Women ' s British Open golf tournament reversed the numbers of victories in major tournaments for Babe Didrikson Zaharias in 1950 and Sandra Haynie in 1974.
WALL STREET will have the luxury this week of deliberating over events of the recent past. There will be little in the way of new economic reports or corporate earnings announcements to react to. In particular , said Bill Cheney , chief economist at John Hancock Financial Services , investors will be able to ruminate on the " change of regime " at the Federal Reserve. Last week , in Alan Greenspan ' s swan song before Ben S. Bernanke ' s ascension to Fed chairman , the central bank raised short-term interest rates for the 14th time since mid-2004. It coincided with the Fed ' s latest tinkering with the wording of the statement that accompanies its rate decisions.
ROBERT LISCOUSKI left his job as the head of information security at Coca-Cola three months ago to join a start-up. " The pace of work is frenetic , the organization is being built from the ground up , and , like a dot-com in the euphoria years , the new Department of Homeland Security -- the DHS in Mr. Liscouski ' s locution -- will have some serious money to spend. Nothing , of course , will bring back the dot-com heyday. But to much of Silicon Valley , the government ' s mandate to improve homeland security looks as if it could be the next-best thing -- a technology push , stimulated by government , that is expected to create a lucrative market in computer hardware and software for surveillance , data collection , data analysis and cybersecurity.
" said Mr. Orenstein , 61 , who helped care for his ailing father , Harold , for years before his death from congestive heart failure last September. More men are stepping in to care for elderly mothers , fathers and other relatives and are conducting a difficult balancing act between work and home life , according to a new study. Two-thirds of men and women who provide care say their careers have suffered as a result , yet men are far less likely to tell their bosses or co-workers about their role. The findings underscore a need for more workplace support when employees care for the elderly , Ms. Timmermann said.
In May 2003 , Mr. Schwab gave up the title of co-chief executive to be a model of the active nonexecutive chairman. Mr. Schwab said then that he had adopted the view of regulators , legislators and others that " it is important in today ' s environment that the positions of C. E. O. and chairman be distinct. " Then , on July 20 , Mr. Schwab demanded the resignation of his hand-picked successor , David S. Pottruck , and reassumed the title of chief executive. Mr. Schwab , 67 , has not been available to explain why it is now better for shareholders to recombine the two top jobs.
But for Game 2 of the American League Championship Series , the banner identified a new one: Rick " Sweet Music " Reed. Pitching with guile and precision control , Reed , a former Met , collected 9 of his team-high 15 victories in the second half to help the Twins overcome injuries to Brad Radke and Joe Mays and win the American League Central. But tonight , Reed lost his second consecutive start this postseason , giving up six runs ( two unearned ) and eight hits in five and a third innings of Anaheim ' s 6-3 victory. Though victimized by sloppy fielding in a three-run Anaheim second , Reed was hardly blameless , surrendering home runs to Darin Erstad in the first and Brad Fullmer in the sixth , the fifth and sixth homers he has yielded this postseason.
Huet , from the parish of St. -Martin-d ' Heres in Grenoble , France , is the biggest sensation to hit French-speaking Canada since José Théodore won the Hart Trophy ( most valuable player ) and the Vezina Trophy ( most valuable goaltender ) for the 2001-2 season. 1 goaltender in February , and played so well that Montreal shipped Théodore to Colorado before the trading deadline last month. Before last night ' s 3-2 home loss to the Devils , Huet had a six-game winning streak. Through Friday ' s games , he was tied with Ottawa ' s Dominik Hasek for the league lead in goals against average ( 2.
There are two power centers in Iran. One is the Government , chosen by voters and open to improved relations with the United States. President Clinton was right yesterday to welcome President Mohammed Khatami ' s encouraging call for a dialogue with Washington , but the White House should not mistake the overture as a sign that Iran ' s powerful clerics have endorsed a more peaceful foreign policy. The journey back to normal relations with Iran , if it unfolds at all , will be slow and circuitous. Mr. Khatami , overwhelmingly elected in May by millions of citizens weary of Islamic zealotry , has a more moderate vision for Iran than Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the country ' s religious leader and supreme ruler.
IN some ways , the main trading floor at BlackRock looks more like the cockpit of the Starship Enterprise than the nerve center of one of the industry ' s fastest-growing investment management companies. A small army of studious portfolio managers sits in a vast amphitheater. And his new Mr. Spock is Peter R. Fisher , 47 , a former under secretary of the Treasury who joined BlackRock last month , bringing his experience as the federal government ' s top bond trader. With a fleet of 40 open-end mutual funds and 47 closed-end funds , and $309 billion under management , most of it in bonds , BlackRock already has a reputation as one of Wall Street ' s savviest bond investors.
Cone knew that Strawberry had seen the caps on television , but he wanted to give him one remind his teammate just how much he meant to the Yankees. Strawberry underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumor from his colon on Saturday , and Cone and Manager Joe Torre were among a group of Yankees who visited him in the hospital less than 24 hours later. 39 on his cap in tribute to Strawberry. Strawberry had videotaped a message to the Yankees on Friday in which he said: " Go get ' em tonight , guys. The Yankees listened , and then they throttled the Texas Rangers , 4-0 , in Game 3 of the division series in Arlington , Tex.
An animal rights group involved in a long legal dispute with Kentucky Fried Chicken about the treatment of the 700 million chickens it buys each year is to release a videotape today showing slaughterhouse workers for one supplier jumping up and down on live chickens , drop-kicking them like footballs and slamming them into walls , apparently for fun. After officials of the KFC Corporation saw the videotape yesterday , they said they would seek dismissal of the workers , inspect the slaughterhouse more often and end their relationship if the cruelty was repeated. Animal rights groups have long complained that sheer malicious behavior -- on top of the expected confinement and bloodletting -- goes on in slaughter plants , but this is the first time such graphic proof has been produced.
Tens of thousands of dollars have been raised , some from out of state , whereas previous board candidates raised only a few hundred dollars. And in what political observers consider extraordinary , Kansas ' s highest-ranking Republicans -- the governor and a United States senator -- have not only weighed in on the races , but have also endorsed opposing candidates in their own party. The frenzy is the upshot of a vote last August by the Kansas Board of Education , which removed evolution as an explanation for the origin of species from the state ' s science curriculum.
In an era of pitch counts and pitcher pampering , Schilling is the square peg in the round hole. The dean of the Philadelphia Phillies ' attractive young team , Schilling is the reincarnation of Robin Roberts , the team ' s Hall of Fame pitching star of the first half of the 1950 ' s , a player who more often than not completed what he started. Last season , Schilling led the major leagues in pitchers ' blue-collar statistics , working 268 2/3 innings and throwing 4 , 213 pitches , according to Stats Inc. Half of that work was the result of a major league-leading 15 complete games , which matched the most anyone has achieved since Roger Clemens completed 18 starts in 1987.
A remarkable reversal of sentiment and symbolism has occurred in the five months since designers here and in Milan and London , the site of fervent antiwar rallies , displayed peace flags and , in one instance , staged a love-in that featured a couple in a bed. Other tried-and-true symbols of American strength and power appeared at Prada , as correct displays of 1950 ' s country-club attire; at Jean Paul Gaultier , as waistcoats inspired by James West , the 1960 ' s television cowboy version of James Bond; at Junya Watanabe , as battle jackets and cartridge belts fashioned from banker ' s broadcloth; and at Louis Vuitton , as well-scrubbed young men in tennis whites and navy blazers.
Derek Jeter does not try to disguise his hitting strategy. He looks for fastballs , whether it is the first inning or the ninth inning , whether he is facing Curt Schilling or Keith Foulke , whether it is the second game in April or the 172nd game in October. Jeter believes that approach enables him to be ready for a heater and to be poised to react to other pitches. If Jeter sees the red seams of the baseball buzzing toward him like a red dot , he knows it is a slider. When Foulke tossed a 3-2 pitch yesterday in the ninth inning of a tie game between the Yankees and the Boston Red Sox , Jeter , as always , was thinking fastball.
In all , about one-third of the N. F. L. ' s 30 head coaches now have the final decision on all football matters for their teams , more than ever before. This is not just a trend , but a full-fledged movement to grab power. Vermeil disagrees. " Veteran coaches , no longer content with the sidelines , are breaking into the executive suites. Dan Reeves leaves the Giants to take complete charge of the Atlanta Falcons. Tom Coughlin , who once turned down the Giants because he wanted total control , has it in Jacksonville. So tempting is this concept that even the Giants , a team long married to the traditional general manager/coach structure , considered asking Parcells to return to the team after Reeves was fired , although it is not clear exactly how much power Parcells would have been given.
 " This is about one guy fighting for everything he has and another fighting for everything he wants , " said Mark Taffet , the head of HBO pay-per-view , which is televising the rematch between Rahman and Lewis on Saturday night. The undercard begins at 9 p. m. Eastern time and the main event at about midnight. When they fought in South Africa last April , Rahman shook the boxing world , knocking out Lewis with an overhand right in the fifth round. Gone , in a blink , were Lewis ' s World Boxing Council and International Boxing Federation titles , not to mention his aura as the best heavyweight of a mediocre millennium class.
Yesterday they overcome an 18-point deficit to beat Marist , 74-71 , in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Challenge. Manhattan built a 68-63 lead on a 3-pointer by Bruce Seals with 2 minutes 3 seconds remaining , but Marist ( 5-8 , 1-3 ) answered with a 3-pointer from point guard Sean Kennedy , who then stole the ball and converted a breakaway layup to tie the score. Seals and Jared Johnson , who had 19 points and 9 rebounds yesterday , are starting as freshmen , along with the junior college transfer Michael Johnson. Next season ' s team will also have Justin Jackette , a transfer from William and Mary , and Dave Holmes , a swingman from Oak Hill Academy who is believed to be the highest-rated prospect ever to commit to the Jaspers.
The breakthrough year for the San Diego Padres continued into the off season yesterday when Bruce Bochy , manager of the National League West champions , was voted manager of the year by the baseball writers. Bochy , the first San Diego manager to be so honored since the inception of the award in 1983 , led the Padres to a 91-71 record and the division title , one game ahead of the Los Angeles Dodgers. Like his club , Bochy won a squeaker , edging out Felipe Alou of Montreal , who was second , and Tony La Russa of St. Louis in voting by two writers from each of the N. L. ' s 14 cities.
THE END OF FAITH Religion , Terror , and the Future of Reason. It ' s not often that I see my florid strain of atheism expressed in any document this side of the Seine , but " The End of Faith " articulates the dangers and absurdities of organized religion so fiercely and so fearlessly that I felt relieved as I read it , vindicated , almost personally understood. Sam Harris presents major religious systems like Judaism , Christianity and Islam as forms of socially sanctioned lunacy , their fundamental tenets and rituals irrational , archaic and , important when it comes to matters of humanity ' s long-term survival , mutually incompatible.
Mitsubishi Motors , the ailing Japanese automaker , reported on Monday a sharp widening in its losses for the last six months , as it failed to halt sharp declines in sales in Japan and the United States. 2 billion yen loss in the period last year. And with vehicle sales falling at a faster pace than expected , the company warned that its loss for the financial year ending in March would probably be worse than previously forecast. The dismal report is the latest setback for Mitsubishi Motors , which is struggling to recover from a series of devastating mistakes in Japan and in the United States.
George W. Bush could not name several foreign leaders when he was hit with a pop quiz by a television reporter , according to a report by the television station on Wednesday night. Andy Hiller , the reporter for WHDH-TV in Boston who administered the impromptu test , asked Mr. Bush in an interview on Wednesday if he could identify the top person in power in three countries and a Russian republic that have recently encountered turmoil: Taiwan , India , Pakistan and Chechnya. One of the most persistent criticisms against the 53-year-old Texas governor is that he is not knowledgeable enough about foreign policy to lead the nation.
When Lee Kuan Yew , the father of modern Singapore , wanted to transform this spit-and-polish outpost into a global financial center , he urged people here to mimic the freewheeling ways of Hong Kong. Never mind that under Mr. Lee ' s strict rule , Singapore had made a virtue of being everything Hong Kong was not: clean , orderly , buttoned-down -- an oasis of Asian values worlds away from the Western permissiveness of Hong Kong.  " It ' s very difficult to decide to change policies when they are working , " said Lee Hsien Loong , 46 , a brisk former Army general who also runs the powerful Monetary Authority and is expected to be the next Prime Minister. "
Giants fans may soon be getting their wish. In the last several days the Giants have lost the wide receivers David Patten and Joe Jurevicius to knee injuries , and a third receiver , Chris Calloway , is also hobbled by a knee injury , though he is expected to play against the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday. Alford has also practiced this week as the team ' s third receiver since Calloway has been resting his knee. But if Calloway suffers a setback or another wide receiver gets hurt Sunday , the Giants will turn to Cross or running back Tiki Barber if they want to run their four-receiver formations.
Ordered to stop the scientific research he thought extremely promising , Shuji Nakamura hid the work from his superiors at a Japanese chemical company. Dr. Nakamura ' s mission paid off: his inventions revolutionized the world of consumer electronics. One helped make possible an array of products , from flat-panel computer screens to video billboards to long-lasting , efficient flashlights. Another will make it possible to store 5 to 10 movies on a single DVD-like disk. But in Japan he is more controversial. But in Japan , engineers and scientists are almost universally treated as " salarymen " who do not participate in corporate profits.
For the longest time , Aikman resisted , exploring his options for playing again next season. He went along with blinders on , almost ignoring the fact that in his past 20 starts he had sustained four concussions , bringing his total number of concussions to at least 10 in his 12-year professional career. Aikman , the leader on three Super Bowl championship teams , explained his thought process at an emotional news conference yesterday at Texas Stadium as he announced his retirement. Aikman is expected to replace Matt Millen next season as an analyst for N. F. L. games on Fox.
Darren Fowler was heaping praise on his Iraqi counterparts for helping capture three insurgent suspects who had provided information he believed would save American lives.  " The detainee gave us names from the highest to the lowest , " Captain Fowler told the Iraqi soldiers. " The Iraqi officers beamed. What the Americans did not know and what the Iraqis had not told them was that before handing over the detainees to the Americans , the Iraqi soldiers had beaten one of them in front of the other two , the Iraqis said. To the Iraqi soldiers , the treatment was normal and necessary.
Amid injury and inconsistency , the Knicks were forced to concentrate as they headed into consecutive games against the Chicago Bulls and Minnesota Timberwolves. Van Gundy made those comments before Saturday night ' s 88-79 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves , which gave the Knicks a season-best four-game winning streak as they headed into a three-day break that ends Wednesday night at Boston. Latrell Sprewell quickly raised his level of play , scoring 27 points against the Timberwolves after scoring 32 against the Bulls. Allan Houston , shaking off a stomach virus that caused him to miss Friday night ' s game , scored 27 Saturday night , including a critical jump shot with 50 seconds to play that stymied a Minnesota rally.
Is Scott Sassa , the president of NBC ' s West Coast division , in so much trouble with the network ' s management that he is about to be fired ? The officials were put on the defensive last week when The New York Post published an article saying that John F. Welch Jr. , the chairman of General Electric , NBC ' s parent , had criticized Mr. Sassa during a tense senior management meeting last Tuesday. Dismissing the threat to Mr. Sassa , Kassie Canter , the corporate spokeswoman for the network said , " The Post dredged up a six-week-old rumor. "
Still , Mr. Gates might do well to pay attention , says Clayton M. Christensen , the Harvard Business School professor who coined the phrase. It describes how leading companies are ambushed by new products. In the days when the national telephone network was being built , Mr. Christensen said , " a single company would have dominated , even if AT&amp;T were not created. " That is when a technology leader is most susceptible to a disruptive technology coming up from the bottom. Most users don ' t use more than 10 percent of their features. Like many insurgent technologies , he noted , Java was first developed for another market -- consumer electronics -- but it found its early use on the World Wide Web.
" ON a winning streak , " Gabe Paul used to say when he was running the streaking New York Yankees , " even the food tastes better. " Nobody has asked Cigar how his food tastes these days , but he has been eating it up with gusto. Secretariat swept the Triple Crown , won the Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths and became a legend. Seattle Slew won nine straight races through the Triple Crown. When Joe DiMaggio fashioned his 56-game hitting streak 55 years ago , the Yankees rode it from fourth place to first. When the Los Angeles Lakers won their 33 basketball games in a row , they decimated the league.
After centuries of monarchy , foreign occupation , civil war and Taliban tyranny , Hamid Karzai was inaugurated as the country ' s first democratically elected president. Washington , which played a vital role in this welcome transition , sent a high-level delegation , led by Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. But the biggest credit goes to the Afghan people , who braved long lines and threats of Taliban terror in October to have a say in their political future. Parliamentary elections , which were originally supposed to be held at the same time as the presidential vote , have repeatedly been postponed.
The boy , Paul Muldoon , had just been introduced to Mr. Heaney , the poet , by his high school English teacher at a reading in Armagh in Northern Ireland. The rest is legend in poetry circles. Mr. Muldoon ' s first collection , " New Weather , " was published in 1973 , when he was only 20 , by T. S. Eliot ' s house , Faber &amp; Faber; he became one of the youngest poets ever to be published there. In a review , Mr. Heaney called him " the most promising poet to appear in Ireland for years. "
Two rival biotechnology companies announced this week that they had cloned pigs that are missing a specific gene , a feat that experts say helps pave the way to transplanting pig organs into people without causing immune rejection. With human organs in short supply , companies have been racing to develop so-called knockout pigs in which a gene that prompts rejection has been removed , or knocked out. Although pigs have been cloned before , until now scientists have been able to add genes but not to take them away. , announced that they had created four cloned miniature pigs , each lacking one of two copies of the crucial gene.
American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES -- Placed OF Jay Gibbons on the 15-day DL , retroactive to May 26. CLEVELAND INDIANS -- Announced the resignation of Tom Burns , director of public relations and marketing for Buffalo of the IL , effective June 12. Optioned 1B Justin Morneau to Rochester of the IL. YANKEES -- Placed OF Kenny Lofton on the 15-day DL , retroactive to May 27. OAKLAND ATHLETICS -- Placed 3B Eric Chavez on the 15-day DL. SEATTLE MARINERS -- Optioned RHP Gil Meche to Tacoma of the PCL. National League CHICAGO CUBS -- Assigned RHP Sergio Mitre to Iowa of the PCL.
They watched as Miami and New England lost , and sole possession of first place in the American Football Conference East became available. The Patriots , Dolphins and Bills , the class of the division for so many years , are right behind them at 5-4. And Miami is waiting for the Jets next Sunday , though the status of Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino was uncertain after he sprained his left ankle today in the loss to the Bills. And which quarterback , Foley or Neil O ' Donnell , will lead the Jets into Miami ? Even Parcells conceded that O ' Donnell " is under a lot of pressure to play well " in the wake of his first benching two weeks ago against the Patriots , when Foley started the second half and led the Jets to a 24-19 comeback victory.
American League CHICAGO WHITE SOX -- Traded RHP Luis Andujar and RHP Allen Halley to the Toronto Blue Jays for LHP Tony Castillo and INF Domingo Cedeno. Announced the termination of their affiliation with South Bend of the Midwest League at the end of this season. SEATTLE MARINERS -- Signed OF Claudio Liverziani to a minor-league contract. National League PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES -- Agreed to terms with 2B Mickey Morandini on a three-year contract. National Football League CHARLOTTE PANTHERS -- Waived WR Reggie Jones. PHILADELPHIA EAGLES -- Signed QB T. J. Rubley and G Guy McIntyre. Waived RB Vaughn Hebron and WR Greg Smith.
President Bush agreed today to begin negotiations in the United Nations Security Council to authorize a multinational force for Iraq but insisted that the troops be placed under American command , according to senior administration officials. It also amounts to one of the most significant changes in strategy since the end of major combat in Iraq. The White House acted just as a new Congressional study showed that the Army lacked the active-duty troops to keep the current occupation force in Iraq past March , without getting extra help from either other services and reserves or from other nations , or without spending tens of billions to vastly expand its size.
After all , to wring out inefficiencies and cut costs , companies have to make sure things are done a certain way. At the same time , managers are increasingly expected to accommodate the particular work styles of their employees. In an age of so-called talent shortages , on top of an overall employee shortage , many productive workers see themselves increasingly as free agents who can take advantage of the seller ' s market for their skills. I think that most of what ' s going on in the world degrades the command-and-control model , but it certainly isn ' t dead.
The perception of the Michigan Wolverines was of a program wobbling toward mediocrity , with the baggage of four consecutive four-loss seasons and accusations that it was too rooted in the past. They were good enough to be ranked in preseason polls , but not any higher than the flotsam and jetsam of post-season candidates. If they were lucky , the Wolverines would end their season in a considerably warmer place than Ann Arbor. Eye-popping hindsight tells us that the low expectations now appear so wrong because they were formed by looking backward and not forward. They did not take into account the possibility of growth , of maturity , of good players becoming very good and outstanding players turning into great ones.
Randi Wittlin-Weiss died young , at 40. Ms. Wittlin-Weiss , a former marketing executive and stay-at-home mother , was killed not by terrorists but by breast cancer. As thousands of families who lost someone at the World Trade Center have mourned in the glare of history , thousands more who lost someone to sickness , old age or accident have mourned in its shadow. To lose someone in the past month was to enter a double nightmare , to pace anxiously between a deathbed and a hospital waiting room blaring CNN. It was to feel that one ' s own loss was insignificant in comparison to the world ' s. Some bereaved families have experienced anger , deprivation and , on top of that , self-reproach.
For most weeks in the last year , the competition among the network evening newscasts has been a one-sided three-way race. With a few exceptions , NBC ' s " Nightly News " has been winning consistently enough for the network to brand itself on the air with impunity: " America ' s News Leader. " With " Today " dominant in the morning , " Meet the Press " the regular champion among the Sunday-morning talk shows , and " Dateline NBC " filling prime-time hours with solid ratings , that claim has had ample justification. While not a definitive trend , ABC ' s newscast , " World News Tonight , " has interrupted the weekly march to the top by the " Nightly News. "
An additional 407 ethnic Albanians , among more than a million pushed out of their homes in Kosovo by Serbian security forces , arrived at this training camp turned immigration center today. Some hobbled down the steps of the blue-and-white Boeing 747 charter plane that brought them here , and a toddler burst into tears upon seeing an American soldier on the runway. Serb forces stripped many Albanians of their identity documents before expelling them and threatened them with death if they return to their homes , the refugees here said. The refugees are being housed in barracks outfitted to accommodate families , with rows of iron beds and lockers that remain largely empty of personal belongings.
Jason Kidd is returning to San Antonio on Wednesday , and he cannot even be sure that one of his favorite restaurants , Rosario ' s Mexican Cafe , will embrace him anymore. In July , he was treated to a free-agent recruiting bonanza , led by Spurs Coach Gregg Popovich , and chauffeured by the league ' s most valuable player , Tim Duncan. Kidd spurned the Spurs and re-signed with the Nets for six years and $103 million. When Kidd is introduced at the SBC Center , he will probably hear exactly what San Antonio thought of his decision.
How about Atlanta ? Since a bruising fare war in the summer of 1992 , airlines have been steadily raising ticket prices for travelers , typically business people , who fly during the workweek on short notice. The increases have hit particularly hard the smaller companies that lack the clout to negotiate discounts with airlines. The average round-trip business fare climbed to $820 in January from $442 in May 1992 , an 86 percent jump , according to American Express Travel , which compiles an index of typical business fares. Over the last year alone , the fares have gone up 28 percent , and just last Friday , airlines raised fares an average of 4 percent.
During the eight years he held the post of United States Surgeon General , Dr. C. Everett Koop became one of the country ' s most authoritative and recognizable public figures on the subject of health. But more than a decade after leaving office , Dr. Koop , now 82 , is facing criticism , from medical ethicists , including two representatives of the American Medical Association , consumer advocates and others. Among the complaints are that his hugely popular health information Web site , DrKoop. Web sites devoted to health and medicine -- some providing information and advice , others selling medications -- have been among the hottest Internet properties this year , and DrKoop.

A. , resurfaced with the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday , looking relaxed , offering a smile and saying that he had no immediate plans to return to coaching. Brown met with reporters in a formal setting for the first time since the Knicks dismissed him last June. His new title , announced Saturday , is executive vice president of the 76ers , who have the worst record ( 9-24 ) in the Eastern Conference. When he was coaching the Detroit Pistons in the 2005 playoffs , he spoke to the Cleveland Cavaliers about becoming their president. James L. Dolan , the chairman of Madison Square Garden , said Brown had violated his contract by , among other things , trying to negotiate trades.
Derek Jeter , who has a sore back , a sore right shoulder and a strained left hamstring , no longer stands for postgame interviews. Neither are the Yankees. Not after Randy Johnson dominated the Yankees to power the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 4-0 victory and a 2-0 lead in the World Series. Johnson pitched a three-hitter in a dominant performance and forced the Yankees to mutter after numerous at-bats and grouse about close pitches. The Yankees have scored once in two games , and they have placed themselves in a precarious position. 444 and flourished in the division series , and the Yankees have not been the same team that won seven of eight postseason games before coming to Bank One Ballpark , either.
It is not easy to find the upside in a 6-3 loss , but Coach Butch Goring of the Islanders tried hard to accentuate the positives after his team was beaten tonight by the Florida Panthers. His overview of tonight ' s game before 14 , 342 at the National Car Rental Center was simple: the young Islanders , missing the experienced defensemen Rich Pilon and Jamie Heward with injuries , were overwhelmed early , had several bad shift changes and played sloppily at their end of the ice. The Panthers outshot the Islanders by 31-28 , but dominated the scoreboard.
A jury here has assessed punitive damages of more than $760 million against five oil and chemical companies for injuries suffered by workers building the Stealth fighter at the Lockheed Corporation , lawyers involved in the case said today. The decision by the Los Angeles County Superior Court jury followed a finding that the companies had not provided adequate warning about the toxic effects of chemicals like solvents that were used in the manufacture of the radar-evading aircraft in the 1960 ' s , 1970 ' s and 1980 ' s. 4 million in compensatory damages against the companies , levied punitive damages of $252.
 " We had a team in Caguas once that had Gary Carter catching , Mike Schmidt at third base , Willie Montañez at first , Félix Millán at second , Jay Johnstone in left , me in center , Otto Velez in right , Ed Figueroa pitching , " Morales said in the cramped Expos clubhouse here Friday at Hiram Bithorn Stadium. " The major league clubhouse , devoid of Latino coaches and confidants , could be a lonely place. Morales lasted for 15 seasons in the majors with San Diego , the Cubs , St. Louis , Detroit , the Mets and the Cubs again.
Antidepressant drugs are being widely administered to children and adolescents despite increasing concern that the benefits have been oversold and some potentially dangerous side effects minimized. But the escalating debate makes us wonder , uneasily , whether doctors have been dispensing the pills far too cavalierly despite a dearth of evidence to support their value. The issue that has dominated recent discussion is whether the most commonly prescribed antidepressants increase the risk of suicide in children and adolescents. British health authorities have cautioned against using most of them in children under 18 , and a top expert at the United States Food and Drug Administration considers most of the drugs too risky.
5 winning percentage at Kansas and new job at North Carolina make him one of the most visible college basketball coaches in the country , was under the radar the last three weeks as an assistant to Coach Larry Brown. As Brown returns to the Detroit area to prepare for his new job with the Pistons , Williams returns to work in Chapel Hill , where he has only just begun. On April 14 , one week after coaching Kansas in the national championship game and losing to Syracuse , Williams ended the speculation and his 15-year tenure at Kansas. Three years before , he had turned down an offer from Dean Smith to return to North Carolina ( and he has said no to 11 N. B.