The economy regained momentum at the end of 2006 , pulling out of a midyear slowdown as gas prices fell and Americans reached into their wallets with renewed confidence. The government said yesterday that its broadest and best-known measure of economic growth , the gross domestic product , advanced at an annual rate of 3. 6 percent measured in the second quarter. Spending by consumers -- on things like food and visits to the doctor -- gave the economy the biggest lift. Spending by the federal government , particularly on the military , also added a significant increase. At the same time , goods and services exported to foreign countries increased , helping shrink the nation ' s trade deficit.
Al Leiter is ready. And so , apparently , are the Mets. In his final start before the regular season begins , Leiter tossed five scoreless innings here in the Mets ' 4-0 victory over the Baltimore Orioles. After starting the spring with a 1-5 mark , the Mets are 17-6-1 in their last 24 exhibition games for an overall record of And not just for the starting pitchers , who were exceptional in March. Take Tim Spehr , for instance. A career backup , he will almost certainly be the starting catcher on opening day Tuesday against the Phillies at Shea Stadium.
IT may appear to many investors that the sharp rebound in Brazilian stocks and bonds has passed them by. The stock market , in local terms , is up 71 percent this year and is almost back to its last peak in March 1998. Prices in the bond market have jumped , as the yields , which move in the opposite direction , have plunged. The yield on Brazil ' s benchmark long-term bond maturing in 2027 is down to 12. 6 percent , from 16. Analysts and money managers , though , say there is still much more to make on a investment in Brazil.
Carin Koch of Sweden shot a four-under 68 yesterday to take a one-stroke lead over Laura Davies of England after the second round of the YourLife Vitamins L. P. G. A. Davies shot a 72. Mi Hyun Kim had the day ' s low round of 67 to join her fellow South Korean Se Ri Pak ( 68 ) and two others at 139. Twelve more players finished within five strokes of the lead in the first tournament of 2001. RARE LEADER BOARD APPEARANCE: Lee Porter took a two-stroke lead in the weather-delayed Tucson Open yesterday , shooting a seven-under-par 65 in the second round.
As traditional airlines obsess over the threat posed by low-cost carriers like Southwest Airlines and JetBlue , the chief executive of Northwest Airlines , Richard H. Anderson , has ruled out starting one. In a rebuttal of Northwest ' s closest rivals , Mr. Anderson on Wednesday warned that major airlines would cannibalize their existing businesses if they fly discount carriers on similar routes. Mr. Anderson said he would focus instead on lowering the price of tickets at Northwest , the nation ' s fourth-largest airline , by cutting labor and infrastructure costs.  " We believe that we need low costs across our networks and Northwest has no intention of and has never had at one time or another contemplated or started a low-cost carrier , " he said in an interview here , where he has come for a meeting of the International Air Transport Association.
The United States Ski Team yesterday announced the 14-member freestyle team expected to compete at the Salt Lake City Olympic Games next month , a group with five former Olympians , including the defending gold medalists Jonny Moseley in the moguls and Eric Bergoust in aerials. Team officials declined to offer a prognosis for Cook over the next few weeks and would not estimate how much the injury would impair her training. They said they were waiting for Cook to be examined by team doctors in Utah. Clearly , however , the American team hopes that Cook will be ready for the opening day of the women ' s aerials competition , Feb. 16 in Park City , Utah.
Q: Teenagers are behaving better these days -- less drugs and crime , fewer pregnancies. But many parents are panicked about school violence. One of the most frequent things going on today , particularly because of Littleton , is that 10 parents show up at the principal ' s office demanding that a student be suspended because he made a threat to hurt someone. But the ratio of threats to violence is so low that we need to be certain that we ' re evaluating situations and not merely words. How does your computer program evaluate those dangerous situations ? What Mosaic-2000 hopes to do is reduce instances where people overreact on the basis of one indicator.
TEAMS TO WATCH: Drexel , Hofstra , Maine. PLAYERS TO WATCH: Norman Richardson , G , Hofstra; Roberto Gittens , F , Hofstra; Joe Linderman , C , Drexel. COMMENTS: Life after Speedy Claxton , the Hofstra star who now belongs to the 76ers , begins with what should be fierce competition among the top five teams. Drexel gets the edge because it has a legitimate front court with the 6-foot-7-inch forward Mike Kouser ( 15. 9 points , 9. 2 points , 7. 2 points ) could be a National Basketball Association prospect. Hofstra could earn a second straight trip to the National Collegiate Athletic Association tourney.
They are the victims of the recent wave of layoffs in the high-technology industry , and many of them cannot believe how clumsy their former employers were in delivering the bad news. Patrick Mannion learned his fate on Dec. 20 when he returned with his wife from a two-week honeymoon in Hawaii to their home in Montclair , N. J. The pink slip telling him his job was eliminated days earlier was waiting for him in a FedEx envelope sent by Organic Inc. , an Internet consultant in San Francisco.  " For someone who had been with the company for two and a half years , getting a notice just five days before Christmas after having just spent several thousand dollars of my own money was a bittersweet experience , " said Mr. Mannion , a creative director for Organic , one of 270 of over 1 , 200 to lose their jobs. "
A love affair isn ' t supposed to begin with a thud , but it did for 5-year-old Jennifer Grandenetti when she fell off the first horse she got on , a gigantic Clydesdale. Her arm broke , but not her heart , and when she turned 16 , she rode her bike from her home in Queens to nearby Aqueduct racetrack. The arm six times , a cracked pelvis , a skull fracture and compressed disks in her neck. Long backbreaking ones about horses from such distinguished Hall of Famers as John Nerud and Leroy Jolley. Certainly , there will be one on Saturday , when Jennifer Leigh-Pedersen leads a colt named Griffinite to the grass paddock area at Pimlico Race Course and becomes only the ninth female trainer to saddle a horse in the 126 years of the Preakness Stakes.
Edgar Alfonzo spoke about the 44-year absence of professional baseball in Brooklyn and then spoke with reverence about managing the team that will end that drought , the Mets ' Class A Brooklyn Cyclones. Alfonzo , the older brother of the Mets ' talented second baseman , Edgardo Alfonzo , was named manager of the New York-Penn League team yesterday.  " I ' m happy and I ' m excited , " Alfonzo said. " The 33-year-old Alfonzo , who is six years older than Edgardo , played minor league baseball for 12 years , never reaching the major leagues. He managed the Mets ' Class A Kingsport team to a 35-32 record last year in his first season as a manager at any level.
OPENING STATEMENT I also had the opportunity to talk to Prime Minister Sharon , who... advised me that whatever actions they might decide to take , it would not include bringing any harm to Chairman Arafat or killing him , and subsequent statements by Israeli officials suggest that it is not their intention either to capture him.... Prime Minister Sharon in recent weeks showed a great deal of flexibility with respect to conditions he had previously held to with respect to what it would take to get into the Tenet work plan. Both sides welcome General Zinni ' s return to get the Tenet work plan started....
THREE weeks ago , the burning issue in Quentin Richardson ' s basketball life was how he could help the Knicks win some games. A week ago , the pressing issue in Tony ' s Dungy ' s football life was whether his Indianapolis Colts would remain undefeated. Earlier this month , during a West Coast swing , Richardson learned that his brother Lee had been shot to death on the South Side of Chicago. On Thursday , Dungy , one of the most respected coaches in professional football , learned that his 18-year-old son , James , had died. Each of us has our burdens to bear.
Scientific Speculation. Illustrated. : $26. Those who excel at pushing the envelope -- chess masters , Olympic athletes , Washington tax lawyers , everyone it seems but contemporary poets -- are generously rewarded with riches and sometimes even public esteem. The most sophisticated of these sports is theoretical physics , and Jo-o Magueijo , a young Portuguese professor at Imperial College in London , has the markings of a champ. Judging from his new book , " Faster Than the Speed of Light: The Story of a Scientific Speculation , " this is an opinion with which he would readily agree.
SEPTEMBER is usually a slow month for tourism in Florida. But this year , after three deadly hurricanes have hammered the state , and with another threatening , tourists are really scarce. The trolleys and trams have very few people on them. Ms. Culver-Aversa and others in Florida ' s $51 billion tourist business -- the state ' s leading industry -- had been expecting a banner year as the state recovered from a sharp decline in travel in the seasons after the terrorist attacks in 2001. Now the industry ' s fortunes are in doubt again after five weeks of frightening headlines and pictures of palm-tree-flailing winds that made the state look like a set for a horror movie.
Iraq carried out its threat to expel American weapons inspectors today , rebuffing every diplomatic attempt to resolve the impasse and propelling the Clinton Administration closer to a military response. President Clinton denounced Iraq ' s action , but he stopped short once again of ordering military retaliation despite repeated warnings to Iraq not to defy the United Nations. At the United Nations , in a resolution passed late tonight , the Security Council condemned the expulsion " in the strongest terms " and warned Iraq of unspecified " serious consequences " if it failed to reverse its decision immediately. The expulsion of the Americans , which Saddam Hussein put into force within a day of a unanimous Security Council vote aimed at compelling him to back down , forced the Administration to scramble to build support for punishing Iraq further.
Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged today that his government was facing a tough time at home and abroad but asserted that he still thought Britain was right to go to war in Iraq and insisted he would forge ahead with an ambitious domestic agenda. Mr. Blair ' s popularity has suffered as none of the unconventional weapons whose menace was cited as a reason for war have turned up and as front page charges that his government embellished intelligence to lead Britain into an unpopular war have emerged daily in the judicial inquiry into the suicide of the weapons expert David Kelly.
You have a storied brand name recognized around the globe and you once reigned supreme in your business. But times have changed and now stock analysts and investors are concerned that you may not be able to regain your lost luster. No , you ' re not General Motors in the 1970 ' s , International Business Machines in the late 80 ' s or even McDonald ' s. You ' re J. P. Morgan , and the clock is ticking. Although it has made strides , shifting from a stodgy commercial bank to an investment bank competing with Wall Street ' s titans , that transformation has yet to pay off.
Since it bought YouTube last October , Google has been chasing deals that would give it the right to put mainstream video programming on the site. Just a few weeks ago , Google ' s chief executive , Eric E. Schmidt , seemed confident that this courtship of old-line media companies would prove fruitful. Now Google has hit a wall. Viacom , the parent company of MTV , Nickelodeon and Comedy Central , filed a wide-ranging lawsuit against Google on Tuesday , accusing it of " massive copyright infringement. " Viacom said it was seeking more than $1 billion in damages and an injunction prohibiting Google and YouTube from committing further infringement.
A German publisher has started a glossy magazine on a topic intimately familiar to many Americans: divorce. Mike H. Neumann , the magazine ' s editor , said the title was suggested by his business partner ' s 21-year-old son , who had seen the 1989 movie " The War of the Roses " that starred Michael Douglas and Kathleen Turner as a divorcing couple. RosenKrieg , he said , is " a synonym in Germany for a real fat and ugly divorce. " The magazine will be published every two months and will focus on issues like alimony , finances , therapy and dating.
Alex Woodley , who coached and mentored many Olympic gold-medal sprinters in the 1960 ' s and 1970 ' s as head of the Philadelphia Pioneer Club , died on Saturday at his home in Philadelphia. Woodley ' s athletes who won Olympic gold medals included Paul Drayton , Steve Riddick , Charlie Greene , Mel Pender , Herman Frazier and Hasely Crawford. Other leading athletes from the club included John Carlos , Ivory Crockett , Curtis Mills , Edwin Roberts , Tom McLean and Benn Fields. In an era when meet directors often gave modest appearance fees , which were illegal , to white track and field athletes , few black athletes so benefited.
Remember when dynasties ruled the National Football League ? And the National Football Conference dominated its counterpart , causing league executives , players and the sports media to wonder when the American Conference would ever win another Super Bowl ? From 1985 to 1997 , the N. F. C. won 13 consecutive Super Bowls , humiliating the A. F. C. and causing football to wonder what needed to be done to end the streak and make the Super Bowl more competitive. Free agency among players , a rigid salary cap and movement among head coaches forever changed the landscape of professional football.
Brown 2002 RECORD -- 2-8 ( 2-5 Ivy League ) KEY PLAYERS -- QB Kyle Slager , LB Andrew Gallagher , RB Brent Grinna OUTLOOK -- There is reason for optimism this year. The Bears return Slager , who may be due for another record breaking season , but they lost 16 starters. The schedule is tough after an opening game against Albany , with consecutive games against Harvard , Rhode Island and Fordham. Before last season , the Bears had won more games over the last five years than any other Ivy League team. Columbia 2002 RECORD -- 1-9 ( 0-7 Ivy League ) KEY PLAYERS -- P Nick Rudd , LB Chris Carey , QB Steve Hunsberger OUTLOOK -- Columbia lost its final nine games last season , costing Coach Ray Tellier his job.
The commotion that accompanied the first few months of Adu ' s career with D. C. United and Major League Soccer has subsided , a bit. On Saturday night at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford , N. J. , before the fourth-largest crowd for a MetroStars game in club history , Adu scored the only goal in United ' s victory. It was his fifth goal of the season and second against the MetroStars; he scored his first professional goal against them on April 17. Minutes later , Adu jostled with defender Chris Leitch along the sideline. Adu and the MetroStars ' Mike Magee earned yellow cards.
President Bush has reneged on his promises to Katrina ' s victims. Shamefully , the president has chosen the interests of bureaucracy over those of American towns on the brink of failure. At least part of the problem is a law that requires states to contribute 10 percent of the cost of most federally financed reconstruction projects. Mr. Bush waived that requirement after the Sept. 11 attacks ( as his father did after Hurricanes Andrew and Iniki ) but he refuses to do so for the Gulf Coast. A law written to deal with isolated tornadoes does not fit the total devastation of an entire region , and particularly the drowning of a major city like New Orleans.
Hundreds of American-led forces are hunting for Al Qaeda holdouts in Afghanistan , although two senior Afghan commanders whose troops also joined six raids in the past three weeks said today that only two suspects had been detained and none killed so far. As hundreds more coalition troops have been sent into the rolling hills and craggy mountains of eastern Afghanistan , an Afghan intelligence official said Osama bin Laden himself had been spotted twice in recent weeks just over the border in the tribal areas of Pakistan. In Washington , Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld discounted such reports. Indeed , intelligence seems spotty and unreliable , according to the senior Afghan commanders , who noted that the raids over the past three weeks have yielded only a trove of weapons and ammunition , and no dead Qaeda soldiers.
But in its third edition , the women ' s tournament has an advantage that ESPN and ABC can relish: the United States team is arguably the world ' s best and is a favorite to win. There are no tales of the United States women ' s team struggling to meet the talent levels of the Brazilian , Argentine , German or Italian teams. All these are irresistible elements for American television , providing an opportunity to drape itself in patriotism as NBC did with the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. America will fall in love with these women. They play exciting soccer. "
THE new-issues market , which earlier this year resembled a scene out of the Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis auction , with overenthusiastic buyers bidding prices up to astonishing heights , now looks more like a rummage sale. Some investors are turning up their noses and shopping elsewhere , while others , sharp-eyed , are rooting around for bargains. Some 851 companies have gone public this year , through Dec. 18 , according to Securities Data Company , and that record-breaking number excludes closed-end mutual funds and real estate investment trusts. Over all , nearly $49 billion has been raised in capital for newly public businesses.
The United States economy is finally getting stronger , but there seems to be one unsettling weakness: the apparent wholesale flight of technology jobs like computer programming and technical support to lower-cost nations , led by India. The trend is typically described in ungainly terms -- as " offshore outsourcing " or " offshoring. " But that rhetorical hurdle has done nothing to lessen the recent public debate and expressions of angst over this kind of job migration. Last month , for example , the State of Indiana pulled out of a $15 million contract with an Indian company to provide technology services.
Eddie George was a senior tailback at Fork Union Military Academy in Virginia when it was time for star players to choose their colleges. To continue their track toward greatness. George was not great , but he was good. Georgia Tech had just won the national championship. In his first year with the Oilers , he won the National Football League ' s rookie of the year award. From no return calls to a phone that won ' t stop ringing now. The Giants ( 6-3 ) will have no trouble finding George on Sunday when they play the Oilers ( 4-5 ) at the Liberty Bowl in Memphis.
NORMALLY , Disney World is the triumphant final destination for the winning Super Bowl quarterback. But here the Jets are , beginning the season at the rainbow ' s end. Is this some kind of omen ? Gary Blake , who moved here from Newburgh , N. Y. , in 1991 , considered the question , rubbed a hand against his green Jets jersey then shook his head. They won ' t be in the playoffs , but they won ' t be an embarrassment. " Depending on who you ask , the Jets ' undefeated preseason means absolutely nothing or at best creates an atmosphere of winning.
American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Announced a two-year affiliation agreement with Ottawa of the IL. CHICAGO WHITE SOX--Announced the resignation of Ron Schueler , senior vice president/special consultant to the chairman. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Placed C Jason LaRue on the 15-day disabled list. Announced a two-year player development contract with Potomac of the Carolina League. Announced they did not renew the contracts of Brian Conley , hitting coach for Dayton of the Midwest League; Ted Power , pitching coach for Dayton; Derek Botelho , pitching coach for Chattanooga of the Southern League; Luis Quinones , hitting coach for the Gulf Coast Reds; and , Pat Brester , minor league strength and conditioning coordinator.
Since it was formed in 1988 , The Onion , the satirical weekly newspaper based in Madison , Wis. , has reveled in its contempt for the Coasts , spoofing middle America while avoiding covering trendy Coast-driven culture. This month , The Onion moved its editorial headquarters to Manhattan , with plans to publish its free weekly newspaper in New York , starting in July. The staff also plans to open a San Francisco office this summer with publication to begin next year. The company is continuing an expansion that over the last few years has included book contracts , merchandising deals , a syndicated radio show and sales of film rights to Hollywood.
A conciliatory Dave Checketts acknowledged yesterday that he had met with Phil Jackson nearly six weeks ago , after denying on Sunday that he had met with the former Bulls coach for exploratory talks about potentially coming to the Knicks. Checketts , the Madison Square Garden president , also said that he talked with the Knicks ' coach , Jeff Van Gundy , earlier in the day and apologized to him for making misleading statements about meeting with Jackson. I regret that I lied about that , that I misled the press and Jeff Van Gundy about that. " But he also did not quell the speculation surrounding Van Gundy ' s status as coach , saying he and Van Gundy agreed to discuss the matter after the season.
Every Friday night , only hours after a new film has opened across the country , the faxes pile up in the offices of nervous studio executives and producers detailing the box-office grosses of the movie. " By Friday at 11 P. M. we have a pretty good idea of how a film is going to do for that weekend , " said Jeff Blake , president of Sony Pictures Releasing. " A studio film , opening nationally , that takes in at least $10 million at the box office is considered successful. " The First Wives Club , " produced by Paramount Pictures , grossed an unexpectedly high $18.
After years of political unrest , including an abortive coup in 2002 , last year Venezuelans agreed to resolve their differences through peaceful electoral means. As they struggle over whether there is to be a recall vote , President Hugo Chávez and the opposition parties need to abide by their commitment to democracy. Venezuela ' s Constitution provides for a presidential recall election if it is demanded by 20 percent of the electorate , some 2. Late last year , Chávez opponents submitted petitions with 3. 4 million signatures. Last week , Venezuela ' s electoral council ruled that only 1.
The chairman of a Senate panel investigating Enron warned White House officials today that they might face subpoenas for information on their contacts with Enron executives unless the administration demonstrated it was moving toward compliance with earlier informal requests. Senator Joseph I. Lieberman , the Connecticut Democrat who heads the Committee on Governmental Affairs , told the White House counsel Alberto R. Gonzales that administration officials appeared to have taken " few , if any , concrete steps " to respond to questions posed by the panel in March about contacts White House officials had with Enron. Mr. Lieberman , who made the comments in a letter to Mr. Gonzales today , has been pressing the White House over its ties to Enron , which was a major contributor to President Bush during three political campaigns.
Dear shareholder , Our quality control specialists found defects in more of the computer chips streaming off our factory lines. Customers continued to flee. On a final note , our chief executive entered a drug-and-alcohol treatment program , which has put some important initiatives on hold. If a company were having such woes , surely investors would want to know. Yet , they now have almost no chance of finding such juicy revelations in a company ' s annual report. Accounting rule makers say that should change. The rule makers , members of the Financial Accounting Standards Board , say that companies could better serve shareholders by reporting information that goes far beyond the accounting ledgers.
BASED on all the hoo-ha , one may think that the shocks from California ' s power crisis will soon loose the state from the North American land mass. The stock market is telling a different story. Since Dec. 21 , when it hit a six-month low , the Bloomberg California Index , comprising 594 companies based in the Golden State , is up nearly 14 percent. But the state , which is the world ' s sixth-largest economy , has faced much bigger challenges. It is not nice to have the lights go out in the office , but most public California companies are not parochial operations.
Bretton Barber , a high school junior in Dearborn Heights , Mich. , who is deeply interested in civil liberties , knew what to do when he was sent home from school on Feb. 17 for wearing a T-shirt with a picture of President Bush and the words " International Terrorist. " First , he called the American Civil Liberties Union. Next he went on the Internet to re-read a Supreme Court case from 1969 , Tinker v. Des Moines , that supported students ' freedom of expression. Then he called the Dearborn High School principal to talk about his constitutional rights.
IT is a tiny company that has toiled for 14 years on the technological frontier of electric vehicles , but it has yet to turn a profit. But some may want to hear more when they learn that it has recently hooked a partner who surely knows a thing or two about transportation: Lee A. Iacocca. The company , Unique Mobility Inc. of Golden , Colo. , is intriguing in other ways. Competitors praise the quality of its electric motors. Most important , the company has adopted a practical strategy: Instead of focusing on electric cars , it concentrates on electric bicycles and scooters and the like , because it believes they offer a quicker path to commercial viability.
LIKE any number of disenchanted , deskbound New Yorkers , Dan Bollinger dreamed of quitting his job and starting his own business. Mr. Bollinger , 33 , an accountant at an interior design firm , had an idea -- turning his hobby of making all-natural soaps into a full-time enterprise -- but he lacked money to get the business off the ground and out of his kitchen. One afternoon , Mr. Bollinger logged onto an online classifieds site , and offered to trade a few bars of strawberry seed and cinnamon oil soap for a set of metal shelves he thought he could use for storing the soap scattered around his home.
The way baseball people see it , the Arizona Diamondbacks last week exercised Phase I of their acquisition of Bernie Williams. Phase II will come at the end of the coming season , when they actually sign him as a free agent.  " There clearly is a lot of talking about that , " said a baseball official who is in a position to hear the talk. " What stirred people to conspiratorial conversation was the Diamondbacks ' signing of Andy Benes , a free-agent pitcher , who with his agent was in a bit of a bind. The Diamondbacks , the whispering went , bailed out Boras by signing Benes to a three-year , $18 million contract , and in return Boras will deliver Williams after he completes a one-year contract with the Yankees.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew was a 5-foot-3-inch coal miner ' s son who got laid off from a vitamin factory , then joined the Army. On Sunday , Sergeant Bucklew was on his way home from Iraq after a death in the family. Sergeant Bucklew was one of the 16 soldiers killed when a missile tore a troop transport helicopter out of the sky. The news was almost too much to bear for a family already heartbroken and for a base that seems to be paying a steep price for the occupation in Iraq. Though not a single soldier from Fort Carson was killed during the invasion of Iraq , more than 20 have died since President Bush declared an end to major combat hostilities on May 1.
IT is fair to say that technology investors have high expectations about the future growth of companies in their portfolios. But I bet that those companies have almost no chance of meeting those optimistic expectations. It all comes down to the issue of whether huge growth rates can be sustained. Consider a star of the new economy , Cisco Systems. Sure , its gear is essential to the growth of the Internet. But it is unlikely that Cisco will perform well enough over the next five years to satisfy the earnings expectations that I believe are implied by its current price-to-earnings multiple of 188.
The messy world of the dysfunctional Mets got stickier yesterday with Rey Sanchez denying that he had plopped down in the clubhouse during a lopsided game last week to get a little off the top and a little off the sides. It never happened , Sanchez said about the haircut , repeating his denial at least five times in a four-minute interview before the Mets-Dodgers game at Shea Stadium last night. General Manager Steve Phillips read from the same short and passive script and two of Sanchez ' s teammates , Mike Stanton and Mike Piazza , openly discussed the breach of clubhouse rules and etiquette.
She was among the glittering crowd at the Manhattan premiere of " Fahrenheit 9/11 " on June 14. At what might seem to be the worst of times for her -- the rapidly disappearing interlude between her March 5 conviction on federal criminal charges and her sentencing tomorrow -- she is looking more like a carefree socialite than a woman on the edge of incarceration. Far from going into seclusion after the outcome of her trial , Ms. Stewart is making the rounds of all the best parties in the city and at the beach , rubbing elbows with Tom Brokaw or Paris Hilton ' s parents , lifting a glass , nibbling a canapé , chortling at an A-list joke.
Last season , the Atlantic was not a division of the N. B. A. ; it was the National Basketball Development League. This season , the Atlantic is not a division , it is a subtraction. Jokes actually seem appropriate for the division , realigned into five teams all with losing records -- and little separating the bad from the worst. Boston ' s Paul Pierce called the division the " worst ever " last week , which seems about right , but is not technically correct. Not since the 1975-76 season has a team won its division with a losing record.
During much of 2001 , before Major League Baseball announced and then backed off from eliminating two teams , one option was to buy out the Anaheim Angels and replace or merge them with the Oakland Athletics , according to informal notes and memos by high-level baseball officials. We were trying to be very , very thorough and looked at every possible contraction , realignment and relocation scenario. " If the Anaheim-Oakland option had been adopted when Commissioner Bud Selig and the baseball owners wanted to last season , the Angels would not have existed to win the World Series last year.
He can no longer float in the air and mesmerize fans and opponents the way he did for so many years , but Michael Jordan proved last night that he could still demoralize a Madison Square Garden crowd. When he pulled up for his shot , Sprewell stayed down , thinking that one of Jordan ' s head fakes was to follow. But Jordan , slower than he used to be and slower than Sprewell , was still a step ahead of the competition. Jordan ' s 19-foot shot fell through the net with 3. Washington ' s Chris Whitney added two free throws before Houston hit a 3-pointer for the Knicks at the buzzer , but it was Jordan ' s jumper that catapulted the Wizards to an 87-86 victory over the Knicks.
The 2003 season of the Women ' s National Basketball Association was expected to be the most competitive of the league ' s seven seasons. It was going to be the year free agency , dispersal drafts and salary caps transformed the league and the women ' s game. A. would try to show that even though two of its teams folded after last season and two others relocated , it could make it on its own , without the finances and oversight of the National Basketball Association. Scoring increased to 68. 6. The Detroit Shock , with the league ' s youngest lineup ( average age 24 ) and its worst record in 2002 , upstaged stalwarts like the Liberty and the Charlotte Sting to win the Eastern Conference.
You may have seen this ad: Win a trip to one of America ' s five biggest sports events , including that auto racing classic. Although the ad is a promotion for Gatorade , a major Nascar sponsor , it isn ' t outlandish to suggest that Daytona has eclipsed the Indianapolis 500 as America ' s premier auto race. From thinning crowds to depleted sponsorships to declining TV ratings , the Indy 500 -- the only Indy-car race that can hold its own against Nascar stock-car racing -- is looking sick. Its caretakers are applying some harsh medicine , which may work eventually.
Marine Motion Detectors The harbor seal is one of the marine world ' s cuter creatures , and part of its appeal , no doubt , is that it has the snout of a dog and the long whiskers of a cat. Seal whiskers have been known to be extremely sensitive to movement , and they are used by the animal to measure openings and objects. Now German scientists studying two harbor seals at the Cologne zoo have determined that the animals use their whiskers to detect very small water movements , like the kind in the wake of a fish.
What ' s the value of some good spin on Wall Street nowadays ? That ' s a conclusion one can draw from looking at trading in the shares of Hewlett-Packard and I. B. M. , two of the biggest technology companies. In heavy trading yesterday , Hewlett-Packard ' s shares fell 14 percent , or $11. 3125 , to close at $70. 3125 -- erasing roughly $12 billion in stock market value. The largest one-day drop for Hewlett-Packard in almost six years came after the company warned analysts late Wednesday that second-quarter results would be far weaker than expected. Management said earnings would be 65 cents a share , well below the 78 cents analysts had anticipated.
Ward Cuff , an All-Pro back for the Giants in the early 1940 ' s and one of the National Football League ' s leading place-kickers of his era , died Dec. 24 in Vallejo , Calif. Playing with the Giants from 1937 to 1945 , Cuff teamed up with the Hall of Famers Ken Strong , Mel Hein and Tuffy Leemans. Cuff was the Giants ' career scoring leader , with 319 points , when he was traded to the Cardinals after the 1945 season. He played one season for Chicago and one year for the Green Bay Packers before retiring.
Another statistic to digest during a sportscast may be the equivalent of downing just another spoonful of castor oil. The passer rating was developed 32 years ago , is in the N. F. L. record books and is clearly the statistical standard. Now along comes Troy Aikman , the former Dallas Cowboys quarterback ( career passer rating , 81. 6 ) and current No. 1 Fox analyst , to say that the N. F. L. ' s ranking of the 32 teams ' offenses and defenses by yardage is inadequate and omits categories that present a truer picture of overall team performance.
The Clark family -- Joetta Clark Diggs , Jearl Miles Clark and Hazel Clark -- will compete Friday night at the 93rd Air Force Millrose Games , launching a track season that could lead to a family sweep of the women ' s 800-meter berths on the United States Olympic team for Sydney , Australia. On Friday , Diggs , who was married last September and lives in Neshanic , N. J. , expects an Olympic-size lift from the new $500 , 000 Garden track , a Mondo surface used at major world meets. It replaces the slow board track in use since 1991 , and fast times are anticipated.
Allied Signal Inc. says the latest sanctions against Iran are costing it several million dollars a year in lost sales of aircraft parts. Caterpillar Inc. is circulating a map that spotlights countries where , it says , American sanctions throw up obstacles to the sale of Caterpillar ' s yellow tractors and earth-moving vehicles. Trade sanctions have become ever more difficult to enforce in the world ' s huge and fluid marketplace , but the United States is invoking them with increasing frequency anyway. It is even adding an onerous new twist: punishing foreign companies for breaching American sanctions. Now corporate America , usually unwilling to go against the nation ' s foreign policy , is preparing a rare formal protest against the latest trend.
The story begins with Gerald M. Levin , the chief executive of AOL Time Warner. When he suddenly announced plans to step down last month , he insisted that the whole move was his idea. " But in the Feb. 4 issue of Fortune , the flagship business magazine in the AOL Time Warner empire , the writer Carol Loomis reports that one company board member , Fay Vincent , told someone else that Mr. Levin had been forced out. Ms. Loomis then devotes several column inches to detailing the numerous ways she was shut out in her quest to confirm the story.
Peter J. Gomes has been at Harvard University for 37 years , and says he remembers when religious people on campus felt under siege. At Harvard these days , said Professor Gomes , the university preacher , " There is probably more active religious life now than there has been in 100 years. " Across the country , on secular campuses as varied as Colgate University , the University of Wisconsin and the University of California , Berkeley , chaplains , professors and administrators say students are drawn to religion and spirituality with more fervor than at any time they can remember.
True sleep disorders can be serious. Apnea sufferers whose blocked throats suppress their blood-oxygen levels below 80 percent saturation can die of arrhythmia or stroke. People with REM ( rapid eye movement ) behavior disorder , who lack the normal muscle paralysis that keeps most sleepers from acting out their dreams , have been known to beat and choke their spouses. Even gentle sleepwalkers , who are not dreaming but in deep sleep , have started cars and typed e-mail messages. The lab ' s bedrooms , with urn-motif wallpaper and framed floral prints , were meant to recall hotel rooms.
Another goal for Brian Leetch. And in the end , another numbing defeat for the Rangers at Madison Square Garden. After their 3-1 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes last night , the Rangers ( 20-25-7 over all , 11-12-2 at home ) are a game below. 500 over all. Home-ice advantage ?  " It ' s been no advantage wherever we ' ve been , " said Leetch , the Rangers ' captain. Last night ' s defeat , coupled with Washington ' s victory over the Devils , dropped the Rangers into 12th place in the Eastern Conference , ahead of only the lowly Islanders and the pitiful Tampa Bay Lightning.
After witnessing the quick acceleration , the drafting technique and the three-wide passes during a two-hour sprint last year from Darlington , S. C. , to Charlotte , N. C. , a fellow motorsports writer offered me the ultimate compliment. The Driving Experience offers fans and wannabes that chance , depending on the experience they seek. Newcomers can sit in a specially fitted passenger seat for a ride-along , which is three laps around the racetrack with a professional driver. At Lowe ' s Motor Speedway , ride-along speeds can reach 165 miles an hour. The cost for the half-day isn ' t cheap -- about $500 for a group rate.
CALL me hubristic , call me crazy , call me Woodrow Wilson -- but , reluctantly , I may have to go to war to put an end to all vacuous management books by writing a lethally stupid one of my own. Slogans and gimmicks ? How about one of these for 1998: ). * " The Orthodonture Way: Bracing for Global Competition " ( Chapter 5 , " Tighten Until It Hurts: Why Tiffany Zeldman ' s Overbite Is a Lesson for AT&amp;T " ). Which brings us to two new management entries -- one a noisy 500-page exhortation by a management guru , the other a whispering slim volume by a less-well-known consultant and his writer-brother.
Dot Richardson. They all spoke of medicine as a calling , not as a career. Foudy was too good a midfielder , too much a free spirit , and a game that barely registers on the global sports economy had already opened the doors to some remarkably remote places. She made it to China long before Bill Clinton. Last year , she took herself to the village of Sialkot , Pakistan , at the foot of the Himalayas on a one-woman mission to better understand third world labor. She won an Olympic gold medal before 80 , 000 in Atlanta and went around the world twice in one year and now looks forward to the world coming to her.
A healthy , confident Kwan is the greatest women ' s figure skater in the world. She possesses a singular blend of artistry , grace and athleticism , along with an inner strength forged from winning a world title at 15 , losing herself at 16 in a fit of panic and self-doubt and regaining her top form at 17. She also possesses a rare teen-age introspection that makes her doubly compelling. She is as willing to bare her emotions off the ice as on the ice , to lay out her assuredness and her insecurity before reporters the way she lays out her elegant spirals and spins before judges.
For AT&amp;T ' s chairman , C. Michael Armstrong , reducing AT&amp;T ' s debt could prove as complex as explaining the company ' s plans to separate itself into four parts. Although AT&amp;T has said it wants to reduce its $62 billion debt , in part by selling nonstrategic assets , a review of its options makes it clear that completing such sales will not be easy. For in its efforts to sell assets , AT&amp;T is bound in many ways by cable -- a series of entangling investments that have resulted from Mr. Armstrong ' s foray into cable TV the last few years.
American League CLEVELAND INDIANS--Signed LHP Reid Santos. TEXAS RANGERS--Recalled RHP Reynaldo Garcia from Oklahoma of the PCL. Assigned RHP Alan Benes to Oklahoma. Announced INF Jeff Pickler and OF Paul Ottavinia have cleared waivers; and , sent Pickler outright to Oklahoma and Ottavinia outright to Frisco of the Texas League. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Placed INF Ryan Freel on the 15-day disabled list , retroactive to May 28. LOS ANGELES DODGERS--Purchased the contract of OF Bubba Crosby from Las Vegas of the PCL. Optioned LHP Steve Colyer to Las Vegas. SAN DIEGO PADRES--Claimed RHP Scott Linebrink off waivers from Houston. Sent LHP Randy Keisler outright to Portland of the PCL.
Brazil wound up its first bond issue yesterday since the devaluation of its currency in January , swapping $1 billion in new five-year notes for existing Brazilian Brady bonds. With the exchange , the total of the new bond issue reached $3 billion , three times the amount originally planned. The first $2 billion was in new five-year notes that were priced last week at 6. 75 percentage points above the yield of the current five-year United States Treasury note. Since then the price of those notes has fallen slightly , traders said. 07 and in late trading in the corporate bond market yesterday the price had slipped to about 98.
Many sports fans may be aware that Deion Sanders is the only man to play in both a World Series , batting. 533 for Atlanta in 1992 , and in a Super Bowl , starring for San Francisco in 1995 and for Dallas in 1996. As if that were not enough , Sanders is also the self-proclaimed checkers champion of his current team , the Washington Redskins. " For one thing , he is in his 12th season as a cornerback in the National Football League , a position that often is left to young and speedy operatives. Sanders , whom the Giants will encounter Sunday in a significant game for both teams , retains some of his old-time speed and spring.
The Walt Disney Company discovered -- by way of the Internet , naturally -- that some long-forgotten animator had managed to sneak a couple of frames of a woman ' s bare breasts into its 1977 animated film , " The Rescuers , " so it immediately recalled 3. The reason for the recall is to keep our promise to families that they can trust and rely on the Disney brand , " a company spokeswoman said. Understand that the offending images cannot be seen when the videotape is played normally. Does all this really justify a recall that , according to one video executive at a competing studio , could cost something like $10 million ?
From the moment he touched down in Tampa , Billick has injected a dose of XFL attitude into the National Football League ' s most hallowed game. He arrived Monday with a well-established reputation for brash statements and a personality that chafes at those in the league who prefer a reduced volume on the microphone that the coach speaks into. But Billick has taken to his role as the league ' s resident iconoclast like a starlet strolling the red carpet at a movie premiere. In his second season , he has taken a team that had never had a winning record in its first four seasons in Baltimore to a Super Bowl.
Jim Haslett is acutely aware that his New Orleans Saints have a 7-1 road record , best in the National Football League , while they have won only three of eight games at the Superdome. That is where they will meet the St. Louis Rams on Saturday in a National Football Conference first-round playoff game. This past Sunday , at the Superdome , Faulk punctured the Saints for 220 rushing yards and 2 rushing touchdowns , and added 7 receptions for 41 yards and another touchdown in a 26-21 St. Louis victory that forced Saturday ' s rematch. We ' ll try to play disciplined football , like we have for the last couple of months.
Patricia Arias came to New York from Colombia 19 years ago , but she speaks English only to the children she teaches at a church agency. They watch Spanish newscasts on Univision and Spanish soap operas on Telemundo. " He was raised as a Roman Catholic but says he thinks of himself now as only " spiritual. " He speaks Spanglish to his grandparents but watches MTV and BET. Mr. Rodriguez and the Ariases share a Hispanic identity , but they represent two very significant facets of Latinos in the New York metropolitan region. And the differences between them are increasingly evident.
WAVE SYSTEMS has never had a profitable quarter.  " We ' re pursuing an opportunity , we have been for a long time , it ' s much closer and we can actually now see the light at the end of the tunnel , " Steven K. Sprague , the company ' s chief executive , told shareholders at its annual meeting last summer at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Midtown Manhattan. " It probably fills the tunnel , actually , pretty strongly. " That flickering light has been enough to attract one of the most devoted bands of investors this side of Berkshire Hathaway.
Martha Stewart appeared at her company ' s annual shareholder meeting yesterday , addressing the faithful for the first time since becoming a convicted felon in March. Despite a bleak year that even she described as " fraught with sorrow , " the encounter seemed to be pro-Martha. There was only the barest frisson of criticism , and even then it was aimed not at her but at the board. And Ms. Stewart , wearing a beige pantsuit with an orange blouse and matching orange slides , thanked various people in her orbit for their support and hard work , after first saying that she could not discuss her legal problems.
When the 24-story building at 500 Wood Street downtown is dynamited into oblivion this afternoon , the fewer people in the vicinity , the less likely anyone is to get hurt. Granted , the building is being destroyed for an uplifting civic purpose. That argument will be difficult to make today because when the building falls , a 15-story mural known locally as the city ' s " sports heroes mural " will go with it. The mural depicted five of the city ' s greatest sports stars: the Great One , Roberto Clemente; Le Magnifique , Mario Lemieux; two defensive stalwarts from the Steelers ' Super Bowl era , Mean Joe Greene and Jack Lambert , and Bill Mazeroski , shown waving his cap and circling the bases after hitting one of the most famous home runs in World Series history , the one that beat the Yankees in 1960.
Penn State 42 Michigan State 23 Rashard Casey threw 3 touchdown passes and ran for 2 scores as Penn State beat Michigan State , 42-23 , yesterday as everything finally went right for the host Nittany Lions. Penn State Coach Joe Paterno recorded his 322nd career victory in the Lions ' season-ending game to move within one of the major college record held by the former Alabama coach Bear Bryant. Casey ' s pass was meant for Eddie Drummond but went off Drummond ' s fingers , over a defender and right to Watson , who sprinted untouched for the score that put Penn State ( 5-7 , 4-4 Big Ten ) up , 21-0.
WHEN someone makes a big profit on Wall Street , traders like to say , " Don ' t confuse brains with a bull market. " And when a corporate climber in most any field hits a home run , business friends are apt to attribute it to being in the right place at the right time. com , an Internet service that matches young athletes with colleges and scholarships , it took nearly 20 years for her own lucky break on the high school playing fields to germinate into a hot business proposition. That business -- solidly financed and widely praised , though still unproven -- demonstrates how well some entrepreneurs can reach back into their pasts for the Big Idea.
Jim Thorpe and Bob Gilder turned the Long Island Classic into a match-play affair that was decided on the last hole this afternoon. One day after shooting a 10-under-par 60 that tied the Champions Tour record , Thorpe shot a 67 today for a three-round total of 195 , 15 under par , at the Red Course of Eisenhower Park. The course , a creation of Robert Trent Jones , played host to the 1926 P. G. A. Championship when the course was known as Salisbury Golf Club. Thorpe won despite a double bogey on the fourth hole that dropped him a shot behind Gilder.
The Mets finally gave Al Leiter the chance to decide a game himself. Now , Leiter has all winter to relive the ninth inning of Game 5 of the World Series. Leiter left Game 1 with a 3-2 lead only to see closer Armando Benitez blow the save in the ninth inning before the Yankees won in 12 innings. With two outs and runners on first and second in the ninth inning , Valentine had John Franco warming in the bullpen , but left the veteran in to pitch to Luis Sojo who had entered the game in a double switch the previous inning.
FEW retail projects failed as badly as the Bakery Center , a luxury shopping mall that opened 10 years ago at one of Greater Miami ' s busiest commercial crossroads. This year , new owners have demolished it and started anew with a different design and marketing plan. The Simon DeBartolo Group , one of the nation ' s largest shopping mall developers , is gambling that concept , rather than location , was the Bakery Center ' s major shortcoming. Unlike the old mall , an anchorless , five-level labyrinth of boutiques radiating about a huge atrium , the new structure is to have a design that the Simon DeBartolo Group says will blend into the surrounding pedestrian shopping district.
When asked about the prospect of facing Shaquille O ' Neal on Sunday , Kurt Thomas did not know what to say. Finally , he gathered his thoughts and stated the obvious. That may be a simplistic way of approaching the matchup , but it worked two weeks ago when the Knicks ( 23-37 ) met O ' Neal and his Los Angeles Lakers ( 42-18 ) at Madison Square Garden. Thomas ' s play in the first half of the season could be described as poor to mediocre. 1 points and 8. 8 percent. Coach Don Chaney said he thought it might have taken Thomas a while to adjust to starting after coming off the bench the previous two seasons.
They had spent millions of dollars acquiring land for the project. Now the officials from the area surrounding Detroit Metro Airport were listening to the consultant in a mansion built by Henry Ford in Dearborn , a few miles from here. But just as this small city ' s mythical namesake took more than a day to build his metropolis , and just as he came to that task in part by the lack of an alternative , the planners of a 1 , 300-acre development intended as the cornerstone of a 25 , 000-acre stretch of commercial real estate between here and the dilapidated Willow Run cargo airport have much work to do , the speaker said.
com , which shows this animated series , to ensure that they are notified of the next " webisode. " Mr. Langston is part of a small but increasing audience tuning in to the Internet for short bursts of entertainment. Web viewers can watch the seven installments of " Zombie College " at any time , in any order , or the latest " Queer Duck , " which made its debut on Icebox this month with the catchy theme song: " Queer Duck , he ' s intellectual. Queer Duck , he ' s homosexual. " After years of sputtering attempts to prove itself as a medium for mass entertainment , the Internet is morphing into a more offbeat version of television that is often more profane and always less formulaic than its broadcast and cable counterparts.
LeBron James played all but 23 seconds , the sweat seeping from the ridges of every muscle , his eyes boring a hole in the net. Only the Wizards ' Gilbert Arenas , the uninvited guest , had the talent to spoil James ' s coming-out party that has been the theme of this first-round N. B. And in a thrilling shot-for-shot duel in the fourth quarter between the two All-Stars , Arenas nearly toppled King James. But Arenas ' s open 3-pointer rolled off the back of the rim with 1. 4 seconds left , allowing James and his Cavaliers to celebrate his first playoff-game-winning shot and a 97-96 victory.
Although Tiger Woods won ' t be playing for $1 million this week , he insisted today that his motivation for the Ryder Cup will not be a problem. In the process of winning the American Express Championship last weekend , Woods ignited a controversy by saying he would rather win that event than the Ryder Cup , which begins Friday at the Belfry. Those comments became scathing headline material in various publications , and Woods was accused of being greedy and selfish. It was hardly the quietest way for the world ' s No. 1 player to head into the Ryder Cup , the intense biennial match-play competition between the United States and Europe and , in this instance , a showdown that was delayed for a year because of last September ' s terrorist attacks.
Tara Lipinski and Akebono showed up at figure-skating practice today , but only one of them ventured onto the ice. At 6 feet 8 inches , 516 pounds , the grand champion sumo wrestler has not yet perfected his triple axel. " Trailing a CBS camera crew , the sumo champion took in some of the Winter Olympic sites before he is scheduled to perform a purification ritual at Saturday ' s opening ceremony. Long gone was the devastated skater who sobbed after falling and finishing fourth in the short program a month ago at the national championships. Unlike her Olympic teammates , Michelle Kwan and Nicole Bobek , who have remained home until next week to train , the 15-year-old Lipinski wants to experience as much of the Olympics as possible.
What Mr. Hejtmanek did was quit a high-paying job at BackWeb Technologies to create a wireless software company called Enterprise Air. This was in November , several months after the stock market began suffering 100-point drops and a full two years after many of his entrepreneur friends captured and then lost their digital gold mines. He maintains a shoestring budget. He spends hours talking on the phone with advisers and he searches everywhere for financing , venture capital or otherwise. He compensates his six full-time staff members with small salaries and big pep talks. He prints his business cards at home.
Polonia has seven brothers , three sisters , two uncles and a daughter who live within minutes of the Stadium , and the 35-year-old outfielder planned to hang out with them. I ' ve always wanted to play for the Yankees. The Yankees did not terminate their search for a left fielder after the nonwaiver trading deadline passed on Monday afternoon. They just lowered their expectations , plucked Polonia from baseball purgatory after he cleared waivers yesterday and signed him for the rest of the season. It is a cheap and sensible move for the Yankees , who will only pay about $66 , 000 to have Polonia play left field when David Justice is the designated hitter , or is rested.
Today , in a manner of speaking , Elvis is the building. Actually , many buildings. As Graceland prepares to welcome as many as 70 , 000 Elvis fans starting next weekend to commemorate the anniversary of his death on Aug. 16 , 1977 , at the age of 42 , Elvis is still the king. Mr. Soden is chief executive of Elvis Presley Enterprises , a for-profit corporation formed by the executors of Mr. Presley ' s estate to manage its assets , which Mr. Soden calls " a diverse and eclectic bundle of entertainment and real estate , including Graceland and its contents. "
Before the opening kickoff Sunday , the Cowboys ' special-teams coach , Bruce DeHaven , collared Randal Williams to remind him that the Philadelphia Eagles had a penchant for onside kicks. In fact , the Eagles had pulled off the feat on the opening kickoff of the 2000 season opener and went on to pummel the Cowboys. Lo and behold , moments later , the Eagles ' David Akers dribbled a kick toward the left sideline. The Cowboys ' opening score took all of three seconds , the quickest a team has scored since the N. F. L. began using the scoreboard clock in 1970 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
While the Nets have made their way around the N. B. A. compiling the best record in the Eastern Conference , the Philadelphia 76ers , the defending conference champions , have struggled through injuries and dissension and sit 10 games behind the Nets. So Allen Iverson made it clear today that the Nets ( 38-18 ) still had to beat the defending conference champions if they want to prove anything worthwhile. I wouldn ' t say they ' re the best team in the East. I mean , they ' ve got the best record , but I still think we ' re still the best team in the East. "
The chief executive and controlling shareholder of Four Seasons Hotels , Isadore Sharp , made a $3. 7 billion buyout bid for the luxury hotel chain yesterday. The offer by Mr. Sharp , 75 , who bought his first hotel in 1961 and expanded it into a worldwide empire , is backed by Kingdom Hotels International , a holding company of Prince Walid bin Talal of Saudi Arabia , and Cascade Investment , the investment vehicle of Bill Gates. If successful in taking his company private , Mr. Sharp would reap a huge personal windfall. The offer comes amid a wave of management-led leveraged buyouts around the world that has led to scrutiny and criticism from public shareholders who have questioned how management can fulfill its fiduciary duty when it is representing its own interests.
A. draft , the Nets are pursuing trades and soliciting offers for their No. But no deal is imminent , Nets President Rod Thorn said yesterday.  " We ' ve had conversations with a bunch of different teams regarding things that might be good for us , " Thorn said , addressing a variety of issues on a conference call today. " While Thorn would neither confirm nor deny discussions about specific players , the Nets have been shopping forward Keith Van Horn , said one team official , who added that there is not much of a market for him.
Traditionally , pitchers throwing no-hitters are ignored by teammates , who are driven to the corners of the dugout by superstition. Mets pitcher Mark Clark did not allow a hit for the first seven innings yesterday and never did have a moment to himself. Clark , the object of many wisecracks because of his seasonlong hitless streak , walloped his first career homer , and coming off two terrible outings , he carried the no-hitter into the top of the eighth inning. Boston ' s Reggie Jefferson then hit a leadoff pinch-hit single , ending Clark ' s bid to become the first Met to throw a no-hitter.
Before yesterday ' s news conference introducing him as the Jets ' new head coach , Eric Mangini was a mystery to the news media.  " They all come off as the Great Sphinx because they have marching orders about not talking to the media , " Randy Cross of CBS Sports said. 1 analyst , has called plenty of Patriots games during Mangini ' s six years there but has never had verbal contact with him. Simms said he had unusually little to offer about why the Jets were so interested in Mangini , whom Belichick elevated to be the Patriots ' defensive coordinator this season.
WE cut people like Dr. Allen Keller some slack: let them have their harmless , nutty obsessions. He needs to rush down to the Jersey Shore for a late-night invitational miniature-golf tournament ? Is determined to plant Rugosa roses in the dunes ? Fine. Dr. Keller ' s work is the healing of torture victims. Y. U. Program for Survivors of Torture , he has tended patients from 70 countries who have been gang raped , trampled , burned or forced by machete-wielding soldiers to choose between amputation at the wrist ( " short sleeve ? " ). Yet during an extended visit at Bellevue recently with Dr. Keller , who does plant flowers in the sand , and keeps a putter at his favorite miniature-golf course , only one story finally brings him to tears.
Toyota has not yet passed General Motors to become the world ' s biggest carmaker , but Robert A. Lutz , G. M. ' s vice chairman , says his company has fallen behind its rival in terms of clout on Capitol Hill. Days after Rick Wagoner , G. M. ' s chief executive , said G. M. was not conceding first place to Toyota , Mr. Lutz stressed that G. M. would rather lose several points of market share than heavily discount vehicles as it has in the past. 1 automaker -- which Mr. Lutz said had already happened in the minds of Washington lawmakers.
When golfers utter the cliché , " Anybody can win this week , " nobody rolls his eyes anymore. Don ' t disrespect Shaun Micheel , who won the P. G. A. Championship on Sunday , or Ben Curtis , who won the British Open last month. But Micheel and Curtis , the unlikely winners of the last two majors , delivered two of the year ' s most unexpected sports stories. And by winning major championships , they did what Tiger Woods , Ernie Els , Davis Love III , Vijay Singh and Phil Mickelson failed to do this year.
Do you spend more time planning , say , your trip to Tahiti than researching your mutual fund investments ? A recent survey found that people tend to spend 28 days planning their annual vacation but take only nine days to decide which funds to buy. And 70 percent said they needed only one day to research their fund investments. The nationwide telephone survey , commissioned by Montgomery Asset Management and conducted by the Intersearch Corporation from May 21 to June 1 , involved 750 randomly selected mutual fund investors who have at least some holdings outside 401 ( k ) plans.
A. courts , imbed a tiny camera , then let ESPN viewers imagine they ' re in the league ' s new Big and Tall Studio. FloorCam is no way to watch a complete game of basketball -- much as CatcherCam is inappropriate for nine innings -- and its distance from toes to head obscures the identities of the leaping bodies. This termite ' s view is surreal and best used when preceded by a traditional replay of what FloorCam will show. Looking into the glare of arena lights , the images show bodies flying , colliding and landing. In a coming game in Orlando , the tiny camera will pan from its two-inch depth; eventually , it will also tilt , allowing it to be placed as far away as the top of the key.
A 3-0 start had certainly been welcome around basketball-mad Chapel Hill , where the pain of a most uncharacteristic 8-20 season still nagged Tar Heels fans. But the optimism had been tempered by the fact that the three North Carolina victories had come against middle-of-the-pack opponents and a date with No. 2 Kansas awaited in the semifinals of the Preseason National Invitation Tournament. How good is North Carolina ? So good that the Tar Heels defeated Kansas , 67-56 , at Madison Square Garden last night to advance to tomorrow night ' s final against Stanford , a surprising 69-65 winner over Florida in the first semifinal.
With the Eagles ' final minicamp recently behind them , and with their training camp debut set for July 27 , McNabb has been shuttling between interviews , photo shoots and fund-raisers , mindful to keep football at the forefront. For McNabb , 24 , a third-year quarterback in the N. F. L. around whom the Eagles franchise is being built , a player with a 14-10 record as a starter who generated a head-turning playoff showing last season , fulfilling his demands is tricky business. Tread lightly , they say , when asking him about being booed by Eagles fans at the draft in 1999.
It was Sept. 12 , and he was immediately immersed in a sea of TV screens -- 126 of them , by his count -- that were tuned to news reports of Sept. 11. Mr. Salvaggio said that the repeated showings of the video inured him to its full horror. So he began to consider how he might restore a sense of human tragedy to what , through media overload , had been reduced to just another video clip for him. " Mr. Salvaggio ' s solution can be found in " September 11th , 2001 , " a powerful digital artwork that he put online last month in the Net-art section of his nonsensically titled Web site , www.
Mariano Rivera was the last celebrity to meet reporters before Joe Torre ' s charity dinner in Manhattan last night , closing things out again. As the Yankees try to surround him with a deeper relief corps , Rivera is not paying attention. I don ' t know anything about baseball right now. " The Yankees had hoped that when Rivera showed up in Tampa , Fla. , for spring training , he would meet new teammates like B. J. Ryan and Scott Eyre , and possibly even an old friend in Tom Gordon. But Eyre is off the free-agent market , having signed with the Chicago Cubs on Thursday , and Torre , the Yankees ' manager , said he believed Ryan wanted to remain a closer rather than set up for Rivera.
WHAT had been a routinely sedate news media session suddenly became a raucous and family-like reunion yesterday when Cynthia Cooper bounded out the runway at Madison Square Garden , like a blazing Houston Comet across the New York sky. First the woman they call Coop hugged Sue Wicks , the veteran Liberty forward , once with feeling , a second time at a brassy cameraman ' s request. Finally , she and the equally mercurial Weatherspoon began pawing at each other , just as when they were roommates on national teams and they would conduct killer push-up contests on hotel room carpets until even they had exhausted themselves to the brink of sleep.
After his Giants played lethargically Saturday night in a 17-14 preseason loss to the Jets , Coach Jim Fassel was livid. While the offense gained 367 yards and made two long touchdown drives , Kerry Collins threw two first-half interceptions and offensive tackle Luke Petitgout was called for three major first-half penalties. The defense created no turnovers and made no sacks , and it often gave Vinny Testaverde , the Jets ' quarterback , too much time to pass. Jaret Holmes missed the Giants ' only field-goal attempt , from 44 yards. John Markham , fighting Holmes for the place-kicking job , get insufficient hang time on his three kickoffs.
On Dec. 4 , in the final disappointing stages of a dismal voyage on Leg 2 of the Volvo Ocean Race , the American offshore sailor Mark Rudiger sat down at the navigation station of his yacht , Assa Abloy , and began typing.  " The fault in our performance in the end is the responsibility of the navigator and the skipper , " he wrote. " On Wednesday -- on the holiday the Australians and the British call Boxing Day -- Rudiger will get an opportunity for redemption on the third leg of the around-the-world race from Sydney to Auckland , New Zealand.
Moments of perfection were scattered throughout Yankee Stadium yesterday , and they had little to do with the splendid sunshine , the blue skies or the hot pretzels , all pleasant touches. They had everything to do with David Wells , in a sharp 3-2 victory over the Royals , and with one more flashback to 1996 , when the Yankees were more nearly perfect than any other major league team. He did not waste pitches while holding the Royals without a run until the eighth. And he did not let his empty ring finger or his empty heart deter him on a day when the Yankees were finally given their World Series championship rings and when Wells spent his first Mother ' s Day without his mom.
Bill Belichick began the morning after winning his second championship as a head coach by confessing that Super Bowl XXXVIII had left him more drained than any of the more than 500 N. F. L. games he had been involved in. Belichick prides himself on not only winning games but also ensuring that his defense dominates. This , his fourth Patriots team , had already shown him that it could win in numerous ways , but some of what happened Sunday had to be extremely disturbing to him. The Carolina offense put pressure on the Patriots ' defense that was more than a bother , it was downright unsettling.
The Jets ' secondary is a mess not its playing , which was effective enough Sunday against the Miami Dolphins -- but its health. Steve Atwater , the free safety , missed two starts because of a strained hamstring , and his availability Sunday against the Dallas Cowboys ( 7-6 ) will be limited at best. Otis Smith , a starting cornerback , has missed the entire season because of a shoulder injury , and Kevin Williams , who plays cornerback and safety , had his season ended by a life-threatening virus. Now the patched-up secondary of the 5-8 Jets must contend with Troy Aikman of the Cowboys.
It is only the middle of January , but Andy Roddick ' s quarterfinal victory over Younes el-Aynaoui on a Wednesday night that turned into Thursday at the Australian Open could turn out to be the match of the year. Actually , it was five acts , all disguised as sets , with the most astonishing and dramatic plot twist saved for last. That made it the longest fifth set in men ' s singles in the 126 years of Grand Slam events , and when it finally ended , Roddick pitched forward onto his knees in a state of relief , exhaustion , joy and surprise that a match and character check that seemed perfectly capable of stretching on for another hour or more had somehow stumbled upon a conclusion.
com , could the smartest buy actually be the shares of the beleaguered Borders Group ? Last Monday , some of them were cheered by what the market perceived to be good news: Borders , the bookseller based in Ann Arbor , Mich. , hired a new chief executive: Gregory P. Josefowicz , formerly president of Jewel-Osco , a division of Albertson ' s , the supermarket giant. News of the appointment sent Borders shares up 6 percent in one day. Mr. Josefowicz replaced Philip Pfeffer , who resigned in April after only five months on the job , during which the stock price languished; Mr. Pfeffer previously was chief executive of Random House.
ELIMINATE Alan Greenspan. Of course , no one really wants to do away with Mr. Greenspan , the Federal Reserve chairman. But 14 years into Mr. Greenspan ' s tenure at the helm of the Fed , his once unblemished reputation has faded , albeit only slightly. The Fed ' s ability to raise and lower short-term interest rates is its primary control over the economy. An increase in rates raises borrowing costs for consumers and businesses , leading to deferred spending and slower growth and inflation. A cut in rates has the opposite effect. Mr. Greenspan ' s goal is to keep the economy growing as fast as possible without causing inflation to rise.
Latasha Byears had a season-high 23 points and grabbed 8 rebounds last night as the Sacramento Monarchs beat the Liberty , 76-69 , for their third straight victory after a nine-game losing streak. Bridgette Gordon had 19 points and Ruthie Bolton-Holifield added 15 points , 7 rebounds and 4 assists for the Monarchs ( 8-14 ) , who put together their first three-game winning streak of the Women ' s National Basketball Association season. Kym Hampton scored a season-high 17 points for the Liberty ( 15-6 ) and Vickie Johnson added 13. The Liberty ' s Rebecca Lobo was held to 7 points , on 2-of-6 shooting , and 1 rebound in 38 minutes.
But in the age of the Internet , where anyone with a modem can dispense financial wisdom and shift market tides , there are other questions raised about people like Daniel Miller , 15 , who maintains a stock-advice Web site. Propelled by a CNBC appearance last month , as well as a couple of stellar picks , his following has been growing so quickly that he is soliciting advertising for his site and considering charging admission. Mr. Miller ducks into the computer room or the library at the Frisch Yeshiva School in Paramus , N. J. , where he is in the ninth grade , to post his observations on line.
To hear pundits , fans and sports talk-show hosts tell it , the Detroit Pistons are supposed to be in a stupor , dejected after losing Game 2 of the finals despite leading by 6 points with 36 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter. But the Pistons themselves ? They scoff at such notions. They admitted being " crushed " immediately after the Los Angeles Lakers ' 99-91 overtime victory Tuesday night , which was keyed by Kobe Bryant ' s game-tying 3-pointer with 2. But after a brief film session on Wednesday , the Pistons insisted they had recovered from the trauma of letting a potential two-games-to-none lead through their fingers.
Shortly after the end of the Persian Gulf war in 1991 , the newly semi-autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq held a rare democratic election. The region-wide election , however , provoked a civil war. The war broke the region , which calls itself Kurdistan , into two zones , each dominated by a single political party. Both have used torture , killings and kidnappings to achieve their political goals , many people here say. As American authorities consider how to build democracy in Iraq , they have repeatedly held up this region as a model. In a message to the Kurdish parliament , L. Paul Bremer III , the American in charge of administration in Iraq , said , " I am confident that the example you set , with free elections , will be an inspiration for the rest of the country. "
Marion Jones is back. She won in 7. Racing was. People followed her and stared at her , an unsurprising fate for someone who won five medals ( three gold ) in the 2000 Sydney Olympics and says she hopes to try for four or five in Athens.  " My biggest fear coming in was , would I be able to click on that intense focus I have ? 76 seconds , a Millrose record. Johnson , Devers and shot-putter Christian Cantwell ( 69 feet 9 3/4 inches ) became world leaders. Johnson received the Fred Schmertz Trophy as the meet ' s outstanding performer.
The 32-year-old Green never overcame a neck injury suffered in the season ' s opener , and was placed on injured reserve today. He was also plagued throughout the year by recurrent knee problems. The one-time Pro Bowl player caught only 8 passes -- his last one on Sunday -- over 10 games. Green is likely to undergo neck surgery , and his absence will reinstall Fred Baxter as the No. 1 tight end. But it will also give Blake Spence -- one of the Parcells Five -- another chance. This game is also important to the Giants , who need a Jets ' victory to aid their playoff quest
EIGHT months ago , Maurice Clarett scored the winning touchdown in the second overtime of the Fiesta Bowl to propel Ohio State to a 31-24 victory over Miami and an undisputed national championship. Now I feel Ohio State should entertain the possibility of returning the championship trophy. Earlier this week , Clarett was suspended by Ohio State for the remainder of the football season for violations the university said it uncovered during a two-and-a-half-month investigation. A. bylaws that make it illegal for players to receive preferential treatment based on athletic reputation or skills and that require players to be truthful and cooperative with investigators.
In its last visit to the Winter Olympic Games , the United States men ' s hockey team made a distinct impression. Many of the same Americans , four years older and perhaps more mature , will again wear the red , white and blue in 2002 when National Hockey League players again perform for their countries in Salt Lake City. Of the 10 Americans announced yesterday , nine were veterans of the 1998 adventure. One of them was Brian Leetch of the Rangers , also the only defenseman named. The only new face was Chris Drury of the Colorado Avalanche.
It has been just over a year since their Wellington boots last sloshed about on these shores , and it ' s not as though that trip -- billed as their first official overseas tour since being married in April 2005 -- came off so smashingly that they , or an adoring American public , ought to be crying out for another. During that trip , in early November 2005 , The New York Post ridiculed Charles for failing to make eye contact with his wife throughout a 9/11 memorial event in Lower Manhattan ( " maybe they ' ve just grown accustomed to sneaking around " ) ; and in The Washington Post , Tina Brown , ostensibly praising Camilla , wrote: " She ' s smaller , prettier , more delicate than all those cruel horseface snaps would have you believe. "
RUSSELL ROBERTSON was grappling with an unusual assignment. In fact , while the idea may have once sounded ridiculous , predictions of the advent of such devices are now becoming almost cliched. News articles champion the coming era of " smart " appliances and " pervasive " or " ubiquitous " computing. Engineers have demonstrated how once-dumb machines , if embedded with tiny computers , might communicate wirelessly and embark on tasks like making coffee or ordering groceries. Some manufacturers , like Merloni , an Italian company , have already started to sell a few products. It appears that the age of " things that think , " a phrase that emerged from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ' s Media Laboratory in 1995 , is nearly upon us.
The Nets did not make any roster moves yesterday before leaving for Cincinnati for tonight ' s final exhibition game. The Nets assumed a small financial burden , possibly up to $10 , 000 , since it takes 48 business hours for players to clear waivers. The team must pay whomever they eventually waive a prorated fee for two days , or one day if they choose to waive a player today. The rookie free agents Stephen Jackson and Kevin Freeman , along with the four-year journeyman guard Kevin Ollie are vying for the final roster spot. The team ' s second-round draft pick , 7-foot Soumaila Samake , has a partly guaranteed contract.
He is not about to interrupt you to make his point. Allan Houston raising his voice seems as implausible as hockey fans at Carnegie Hall. And his eyes -- his wide , brown , doe-like eyes -- are filled with compassion , understanding , serenity.  " At halftime , " Chris Childs said -- referring to Friday night ' s game when the Knicks trailed the Heat in Game 6 at Madison Square Garden , and had been booed with a profound and insightful passion by their adoring fans -- " Allan came into the locker room all emotional.  " At halftime , " Houston said after the game , in which the Knicks mounted an astonishing comeback to win by 72-70 , and send the series to Game 7 this afternoon in Miami , " I felt that we had to stay together as a team.
In recent years , though , nature has struck back: a mysterious virus has teamed up with disruptive weather patterns to kill more than half the oysters in the world ' s busiest undersea factory. At first , shoppers at jewelry counters were blissfully unaware of all this because dealers , alerted to the blight , kept plenty of pearls on hand. But those supplies are running short , and suddenly -- just in time for prom and wedding season -- pearl prices are shooting up. Luxury chains like Tiffany &amp; Company as well as small , family-owned jewelers like Wilson &amp; Son in Scarsdale , N. Y. , have been forced to raise prices , in some cases by as much as 25 percent , for top-quality strands.
The Chicago Bulls ' Dennis Rodman has become a curiosity once again. After Coach Phil Jackson spent three days pumping up his enigmatic forward to play well against the Utah Jazz ' s Karl Malone , Rodman surfaced from the locker room with a surprise injury tonight. Jackson had planned to start Luc Longley on Malone and bring Rodman off the bench to irritate the Jazz star in Game 1 of the finals. He was very hesitant in going for rebounds , not wanting to stick his right hand into the fray. Though Malone still outmuscled him to several rebounds , Rodman grabbed his share , even with his right hand taped.
William A. Andres , who led the Dayton Hudson Corporation ' s expansion from a regional department store chain to a national retailing powerhouse , died Wednesday of lymphoma in Fort Myers , Fla. Under the leadership of Mr. Andres from 1976 through the sharp recession of the early 1980 ' s , Dayton Hudson grew from 400 stores to more than 1 , 000 , and its revenues tripled to $5. 6 billion. In 1978 , a Forbes cover article said Mr. Andres was " analytical and has a reputation for getting to the heart of matters quickly and decisively. "
The rapid downfall of the Enron Corporation is likely to hasten the end of California ' s freewheeling experiment in energy deregulation , industry executives and government officials said today. But in this state , where the state treasury was drained and the biggest utility was left bankrupt by an ill-conceived deregulation plan , various people saw a kind of rough justice in Enron ' s getting its comeuppance.  " Enron was the flagship for deregulation , " said Carl Wood , a member of California ' s Public Utilities Commission and an opponent of deregulation. Analysts and utility executives agreed that Enron ' s meltdown would have little effect on the state ' s power supply , which costly state power contracts and a slumping economy have rendered ample.
The Bergen Catholic players were gathering inside their gymnasium , some stretching and others sleeping. Montclair unveiled a passing offense that the Mounties had hid through their first four games , marching 80 yards in five pass plays. Bergen Catholic , accustomed to its opponents being sky high , answered back and did not stop until it had built a 23-point lead on the way to handing Montclair its first loss of the season , 30-15. Bergen Catholic is being regarded as the top team in New Jersey for the second straight season , and is ranked No. This is what high school football is about: good games , good competition. "
Antitrust officials at the European Commission have drafted a final ruling in their six-year case against Microsoft , people close to the commission said on Monday. The draft ruling , which was not made public , was circulated within the commission last week , according to a person who insisted on not being identified. Another person , who is also close to the case , said , " As far as the competition department is concerned , the ruling is final. " Other departments of the commission are free to comment , but they generally would not alter an antitrust ruling in any substantive way , this person said.
When the day mercifully ended , nobody who had played today could remember enduring a tougher first round in the British Open. One hundred fifty-six of the world ' s best golfers teed off. The average score was 78. The highest winning British Open score of the last 50 years was Gary Player ' s 289 , also at Carnoustie in 1968 , but that mark is clearly in jeopardy. The last time that no golfer was able to shoot under par during a round of the British Open occurred in 1986 , at Turnberry , Scotland , in both the first and third rounds.
When his psoriasis is at its worst , David G. Metz has a silvery scale covering his entire body except the soles of his feet. " But last Christmas , Mr. Metz , a 27-year-old Wal-Mart sales clerk from Columbia , Ill. , visited his girlfriend ' s family in Chicago without worry. The biotechnology industry is taking aim at psoriasis , a chronic disease that affects an estimated seven million Americans and , in its more serious forms , is far more physically and psychologically devastating than the mere cosmetic disease it is often thought to be. About 30 companies , mainly biotechnology concerns , have psoriasis drugs in clinical trials , according to the National Psoriasis Foundation.
After spending the week facing questions on how they would rebound from their disappointing loss to New England , the Jets turned in a commanding 41-14 victory over Miami on Monday night , their most complete game of the season. The Jets ' wide receivers , who had caught only one touchdown all season , caught two on Monday. The linemen put pressure on Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler all game , sacking him four times. The secondary held the Miami receivers to 218 yards and intercepted two of Fiedler ' s passes. And the Dolphins were held to 78 yards rushing.
JOHN H. PARK , who runs the $100 million Liberty Acorn Twenty fund , isn ' t overly concerned about labels like growth and value.  " We ' ll buy whatever ' s out of favor , " Mr. We tend to shift between growth and value stocks depending on where they are in the cycle. " Despite high fees , the fund has soundly beaten its peer group. The fund has imposed a 5. 75 percent front-end load , or service charge , on its Class A shares since October 2000 , when the Liberty Financial Companies acquired Wanger Asset Management , which advises the fund.
The first page of most textbooks here carries a picture of a smiling Saddam Hussein. As change settles over Iraqi society , one of the quieter shifts in the nuts and bolts of life is happening in school. Across the country , teachers are discarding portions of history books , abandoning " patriotic education " classes , and in some cases taking down flags. Teachers say they are glad to be rid of lessons that extol the virtues of Mr. Hussein.  " Put your enemy before your eyes , " one of Mr. Hussein ' s sayings goes. " Kamal Mustafa , a religion teacher at Syamend ' s school in the Askari neighborhood on the outskirts of the northern city of Kirkuk , said " When someone has the flu he needs three days to rest , but we ' ve had the flu for 35 years.
Oh well , it was time to set the mousetrap again. The mouse that had filled the drawer with seed was not merely an industrious creature , it was also a patient , ingenious one that quite clearly had a plan. It wasn ' t as if I encountered the mouse on the stairs every day , and we had to get around each other with mutual clearings of the throat and mumbled apologies. Until I opened that drawer , I didn ' t even know that the mouse existed. And I ' ve also come to see all of these critters as wildlife.
In the past six months the Chinese Government has carried out the most systematic crackdown on political rights since the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. Dozens of democratic activists have been arrested , hundreds more have been detained , and three leaders , Xu Wenli , Wang Youcai and Qin Yongmin , have been sentenced to long prison terms. It was Mr. Clinton who last year emboldened Chinese democrats to press their Government for modest reforms. At the June summit in Beijing , the President declared that free speech , free association and freedom of religion were " the right of people everywhere and should be protected by their governments. "
He has said many times over that he suspects that Michael Jordan ' s first retirement was not a retirement at all but an agreement with N. B. Jordan would sit out a year or two , my friend theorized , rather than having Stern suspend him for gambling. No such scenario has ever been proved , and Jordan has never been charged with doing anything illegal. He faces accusations that , if true , could put him in prison before he breaks Hank Aaron ' s career home run record. Income tax evasion , money laundering , evading federal banking laws and perjury are on the roster of charges Bonds could face if a woman named Kimberly Bell , who identifies herself as his ex-girlfriend , proves to be telling the truth.
After much deliberation , ABC decided last week to bring back its long-running but recently struggling drama " The Practice , " and even flew the show ' s stars to New York to parade them in front of advertisers during its presentation of its new fall season. The show ' s production company , David E. Kelley Productions , confirmed yesterday that Dylan McDermott , the show ' s lead actor , as well as five other cast members , including Lara Flynn Boyle and Kelli Williams , have been dropped from " The Practice. " The decision to make wholesale cast changes in a show after seven years is highly unusual , but according to several people involved with the show , it reflected both the dismal season " The Practice " endured and a conclusion by Mr. Kelley , the show ' s creator , that he needed to make significant creative changes.
The Digital Equipment Corporation ended a difficult year on a positive note yesterday , reporting quarterly operating earnings that more than doubled from a year earlier. But the company ' s revenues shrank nearly 7 percent over the same time while the rest of the information technology industry was booming. , had net income of $124 million , or 75 cents a share , during its fiscal fourth quarter , compared with a loss of $433 million , or $2. However , excluding a $492 million restructuring charge , the company earned $59 million , or 33 cents a share , in last year ' s fiscal fourth quarter.
SO what it boils down to , the mad scientist was asked -- after a dazzling , dizzying disquisition tumbling through DNA , genomes , phylogeny , taxonomy , sequence matching , time warps , string edits , macromolecules , trilobites and later arthropods , ray tracing problems , how you can tell which medieval monastery a manuscript was copied in by the errors , mostly spelling , the monks kept making and the 280 powerful slave servers chained together in the basement -- is that lobsters and bugs are related ? This is a very big deal at the American Museum of Natural History , where the cheerful , fast-talking Dr. Wheeler , 37 , is co-director of the Molecular Systematics Laboratories , curator of invertebrate zoology and a cutting-edge researcher on the origin and evolution of the species.
The National Football League commissioner was angry because game officials missed a crucial call on the final play of the Giants-San Francisco 49ers playoff game 10 days ago. The Pittsburgh coach was angry because he thought the officials made an unwarranted call at the end of the Steelers ' playoff loss to Tennessee last Saturday. With the N. F. L. ' s showcase games approaching -- the conference championships on Sunday and the Super Bowl a week later -- there is agitation and concern among many people in the N. F. L. about the intense spotlight on its officiating , and how it has distracted attention from the four teams vying for the championship -- Philadelphia , Tampa Bay , Tennessee and Oakland.
A small California computer company announced this month that its revenues fell 30 percent in the latest quarter , not because of slow sales , but because of a new accounting rule that could soon affect the bottom lines of high-technology companies across the nation. The company , Creative Computer Applications Inc. , which is based in Calabasas , is one of the first to begin applying the rule and said it did so to get the bad news out of the way. I think they are wrong. " The rule , which has caused a stir in the high-technology industry , requires companies to postpone revenues on certain software sales if all the promised components and services have not yet been provided.
Coach Byron Scott of the Nets waited anxiously for his players to clear the air and disprove his insult tonight. On Thursday , he attacked the Nets in their basketball souls when he decried they had no heart. Tonight , against the Milwaukee Bucks , Scott watched his team play with heart early , but then saw them play without their brains. Forgetting their game plan to double-team Milwaukee forward Glenn Robinson , the Nets allowed the aptly named Big Dog free range to rip out whatever heart they might have showed tonight. It was the Nets ' largest margin of defeat this season.
In the draw held here today , The Panderosa drew post position 10 in the 10-horse field. However , Dave Brower , who sets the morning line to guide bettors , made The Panderosa ( paired in the betting with his stablemate , Stutzpan ) the 2-1 favorite and Badlands Hanover the second choice at 7-2.  " I don ' t think their post positions make any difference , " Brower said. " The 23d annual Meadowlands Pace for 3-year-old pacers is one of only three million-dollar races in harness racing. The others are the Hambletonian for 3-year-old trotters , scheduled for Aug. 7 at the Meadowlands , and the North American Cup for 3-year-old pacers , which was held June 26 at Woodbine near Toronto and was won by The Panderosa.
IN the spring of 1996 , the zealous new Republican majority in Congress persuaded President Clinton to sign a farm bill intended to wean American farmers from the government subsidies on which they had relied so heavily for so long. Given that price supports , land set-asides and other aid were then costing Washington $7. 3 billion a year -- and today ' s budget surpluses were not yet a gleam in even the most optimistic eye -- it seemed like a good idea. This year , the government is expected to pay farmers $22. 7 billion , more than triple the pre-overhaul level , accounting for 40 percent of farmers ' net cash income.
The Los Angeles Dodgers dealt a serious blow to the Yankees ' salary arbitration case with Bernie Williams , reaching agreement with outfielder Raul Mondesi last night on a four-year , $36 million contract. The $9 million annual average of Mondesi ' s contract is the figure Williams submitted for arbitration; the Yankees are in at $7. Mondesi , who has one year less of major league experience than Williams , had been seeking 5 million in arbitration to the Dodgers ' $5. Mondesi hit. 310 with 30 home runs and 87 runs batted in. 328 , slugged 21 home runs and drove in 100 runs.
The answer to the question may have won one of the seven championship races on Saturday , when 51 , 161 people gathered and bet a record total of $81 million. Or was it a horse that didn ' t even run in the Breeders ' Cup because of injury , maybe the 3-year-old Silver Charm , winner of the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness , or the 5-year-old Gentlemen , winner of the Pimlico Special , the Hollywood Gold Cup and the Pacific Classic ? Patrick Byrne , the trainer of Favorite Trick as well as Countess Diana , who also set a record while winning the Juvenile Fillies by 8 1/2 lengths , clung to the belief that his unbeaten 2-year-old might be the Horse of the Year.
Eminem ' s not cracking open the head of Triumph , the Insult Comic Dog , was about the only instance when something was not shattered at this year ' s MTV Music Video Awards. The show , televised on Thursday night from Radio City Music Hall , set a record for viewing levels for MTV , and drew more viewers than any other show on basic-cable channels this year. This year ' s awards reached just under 12 million people , more than highly popular telecasts like N. F. L. football on ESPN and the N. B. 7 million viewers watched the show last year.
John Paul II arrived in India today to meet with the Roman Catholic bishops of Asia at a time when anti-Christian sentiment and violence among Hindu fundamentalists is at its highest in decades. The frail 79-year-old pope slowly descended the ramp into a darkened airport filled with armed security officers but unadorned by the usual welcome banners , bands or waving groups of Catholic school children. This foreign visit , his last of this millennium and the 89th of his papacy , is likely to be one of his most challenging. During the last weeks and days , Hindu fundamentalist groups have held protests , demanding a papal apology for massacres by Portuguese colonists in the 16th century , as well as an end of Christian conversions.
TO Jared R. Yaffe , a telecommunications executive , the phrase T. G. I. F. -- thank God it ' s Friday -- has no special significance. Is the industrial age invention of the weekend going the way of the rotary dial telephone ? In a global economy and a consumer society that demand nonstop service , many more people are working outside the traditional 9-to-5 weekday schedule. At least one-fourth of the country ' s 130 million workers toil on Saturdays , Sundays or all weekend for their main jobs , according to the latest data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
They were two of the top-rated teams in the country. The youngbloods , Seton Hall , were undefeated in five games and ranked seventh in the nation , playing Illinois , with a 6-2 record and ranked ninth , in Assembly Hall. The Illinois players did not lose their heads , while Seton Hall ' s may have misplaced theirs. " With 6 minutes 47 seconds left in regulation , Cory Bradford hit a 15-foot jump shot to put Illinois ahead , 59-57 , for the first time since early on. Seton Hall stumbled , bumbled , had a series of turnovers on charges and bad passes , but was able to regain the lead.
She argued with the chair umpire over a slew of questionable calls and , more destructively , she argued with her own game , the same game that made her the world ' s No. Two points away from being bounced out of the opening round of the Chase Championships for the second consecutive year , Davenport , although assured of finishing 1998 at No. 1 , reminded herself how irritable she would be if she let her year finish on an unflattering note. So pride of ownership , one of the intangibles that seems to tag along with the top ranking , prevented a first-round fall last night at Madison Square Garden.
For almost five years it was an exhilarating ride , as the American Skiing Company grew from a single Maine resort in 1994 to nine in New England and the Rockies. Hotels bought , condos built , new snow machines and gondolas installed: The company was pumping millions into its strategy of rapidly building itself into a giant in winter recreation. Unusually warm weather in the East combined with a dry spell in the West in the first few months of the 1998-99 season to keep trails bare and cash registers empty. And the cracks that soon appeared in American Skiing ' s financial results call into question the wisdom of barreling ahead so fast in an industry that depends so profoundly on Mother Nature ' s fickle graces.
There he was at midcourt , hollering , urging the crowd to cheer , celebrating his blocked shot against Tim Hardaway that helped to seal the Knicks ' 77-73 victory over the Miami Heat yesterday. Yesterday was the best game of the playoffs for Ewing -- 25 points , 11 rebounds and the blocked shot against Hardaway in the closing seconds that protected a 3-point lead. I was disappointed with the fact that I turned the ball over the play before. By winning Game 3 , the Knicks took a 2-1 lead in the four-of-seven-game series , with Game 4 to be played tonight at Madison Square Garden.
It has been an eight-year hiatus for the Worrell 1000 , a grueling catamaran race along 1 , 000 miles of coastline from Florida to Virginia. But now it ' s back , with 13 teams expecting to push off from the beach tomorrow at Fort Lauderdale , Fla. The realists among them are expecting the worst. But you have to accept that you ' re a human being. The fleet of 20-foot catamarans , each with two crew members , is scheduled to finish the 13-day ocean marathon May 17 at Virginia Beach. With 12 checkpoints along the way , the schedule calls for mostly daylight sailing.
Bob Watson is proud of his accomplishments in baseball , but he has grown weary of one aspect. " From the day in 1988 when John McMullen , then the owner of the Houston Astros , hired him as his assistant general manager , Watson has worked his way through a series of firsts. But the former general manager of the Yankees and the Houston Astros has yet another first he could attain. He could become the first member of a minority group to be a club owner who is involved in the day-to-day operation of the team. Watson , out of baseball since he left the Yankees 15 months ago , is part of one of two groups that are trying to buy the Oakland Athletics.
The Giants did not practice well this morning , and when that two-hour session was over , Coach Jim Fassel gathered his team before him and said: " That was a 6-10 practice. You keep practicing like that and you ' ll be 6-10 again. " But he was firing some salvos across the bow of the good and placid Giants ship , which has sailed happily through this 1997 training camp.  " I don ' t know what their standards have been for a practice around here , " Fassel said today of his players. " But we are going to raise the expectations for a practice.
TIGER WOODS has not already won the British Open that begins today. It just seems that way. But for all of Woods ' s talent and determination in his quest for the Grand Slam , winning a major golf tournament is never that simple , never that automatic. Woods is naturally the favorite , at 7-4 in the local betting shops , after winning 6 of golf ' s last 9 majors and 7 of the last 11. But other golfers won those other majors. And don ' t be surprised if another golfer escapes the knee-high rough swaying in the breeze off the Firth of Forth and wins at Muirfield in this 131st Open Championship , as the British Open is formally known.
The early start portion of the marathon , which had been a cause for great hand-wringing last year , went remarkably smoother in its second year. The New York Road Runners Club ' s handling of the early start , which allows runners who have physical disabilities , like blindness , to start the race up to two hours ahead of the pack , was heavily criticized last year. Although there was still some vehicular traffic on the course at the start of the race , the volunteer guides for the blind runners were much better trained this year , and no major problems were reported.
The day after his inauguration , President Bush sat for an official portrait , taken by a Los Angeles Times photographer named Paul Morse. What was a Times photographer doing taking official White House photographs ? In some respects , he was following in the footsteps of better-known photographers like David Hume Kennerly , who left journalism temporarily to work in Gerald Ford ' s White House.  " This is a pretty ridiculous conflict of interest , " said Dean Baquet , the managing editor of The Los Angeles Times and a former national editor of The New York Times. "
The details , " he was saying. " In a Colts jacket , Colts shorts and white sneakers , Polian , the club president hired after the 1997 season , had interrupted the search for the bus passes at the team ' s beach hotel here Thursday to recall the decisions that assembled much of the American Football Conference championship team that will oppose the Bears today in Super Bowl XLI. One draft decision will always ring loud and clear: the choice that year between the quarterbacks Peyton Manning and Ryan Leaf. Manning is now the N. F. L. ' s best passer , the Colts ' face and arm.
THE HOLY GRAIL Imagination and Belief By Richard Barber Illustrated. 464 pages. Harvard University Press. 95. The Holy Grail has become a popular metaphor for elusive perfection , for the most exalted or unattainable object of one ' s desire. Scientists talk of the possibility of finding a theory of everything -- that would unify general relativity and quantum mechanics -- as the holy grail of physics. Marketers talk of interactive , targeted commercials as the holy grail of advertising. And the digerati talk of the development of intelligent machines as one of technology ' s holy grails. In his fascinating if long-winded new book , the British medieval scholar Richard Barber examines how the concept of the Holy Grail evolved: from a literary device to an explicitly Christian symbol to its present-day incarnation as an all-purpose object of a quest.
Dwight Gooden was visibly uncomfortable discussing the possibility that he might replace David Cone and start Game 4 of the division series before the Yankees announced the switch. Once they did , Gooden displayed his excitement about his first post-season start since 1988 , when he was with the Mets. It is a pressure-packed spot because Gooden will either be trying to clinch the series or trying to keep the Yankees alive for a fifth game. 25 earned run average against the Indians this season and is 5-0 with a 2. 88 e. r. a. against Cleveland in his career. 25 e. r. a. in seven post-season games with the Mets. "
But he has pushed through a raft of moves in recent days , a sign that he may be playing an even more central role in Indonesia ' s efforts to restore its shaky public and private finances. On Monday , at Mr. Ramli ' s urging , President Abdurrahman Wahid , who is himself struggling to cling to power , replaced the chairman of the Indonesian Bank Restructuring Agency. The agency is supposed to dispose of $50 billion in assets it took over from the country ' s ruined banks. But its chairman , Edwin Gerungan , was stymied by political interference.
Citrus is hot , and so is fig. A glut of products and increasingly expensive marketing have transformed this business in recent years into a cutthroat marketing war. Battles are waged through scented magazine advertisements , and the score depends on how long a perfume survives. What distinguishes a perfume that lasts for generations , like Chanel No. -- is a complicated and often intangible alchemy of science , advertising and market research. The fragrance industry dumps millions of dollars into all these elements each year , only to find that four out of five new scents die at the counter.
The Nets were charging. Jason Kidd had just made a backdoor layup , Kerry Kittles had hit a 3-pointer , and the Nets , down by 11 points moments earlier , were within 4 with three minutes to play. When Kenyon Martin , an offensive force all night , drove the lane , the Nets appeared ready to rally to victory tonight. Undaunted , the Nets kept coming: Lucious Harris made two foul shots , Aaron Williams threw down a resounding dunk and this time the San Antonio Spurs ' lead was down to 2. And at times , it did look easy for the Spurs to shut down the Nets.
In a sport that reveres numbers , Funny Cide was assigned two more yesterday at the post position draw for the 135th running of the Belmont Stakes on Saturday: 4 and 1. The first New York-bred to win the Kentucky Derby will break from the No. 4 hole , and the track ' s oddsmaker , Don LaPlace , made him a 1-1 , or even money , favorite to become the first gelding to win the Triple Crown. A compact field got downright cozy yesterday morning after the trainer Ken McPeek announced that Best Minister had come down with an illness and was out of the race.
Major League Baseball , which has labored for several seasons under suspicion that some of its star players were using steroids , said Thursday that in the first year of testing for steroids more than 5 percent of players ' tests were positive. As a result , stricter testing standards will go into effect next year. From 5 to 7 percent of the 1 , 438 random , anonymous tests of players on major league teams ' 40-man rosters this year were positive , baseball said , triggering testing for the 2004 season that could result in penalties against players. Though the number of positive tests ranged from 70 to 100 , it was unclear how many players tested positive.
The GHI Bronx Tennis Classic prides itself on featuring young players on their way up. Barbara Schwartz of Austria , a quarterfinalist at the 1999 French Open , outlasted Martina Muller of Germany , 5-7 , 6-3 , 7-6 ( 3 ) yesterday in Crotona Park to win her first title since coming back from an elbow injury that had sidelined her for almost 18 months. In the following match , Bjorn Phau of Germany won the men ' s final over Andy Ram of Israel , 6-2 , 6-4 , for his first professional title. Schwartz raced out to a 4-1 lead before Muller responded by winning six of the next seven games.
This much is certain: The next five months will define Billy Hunter ' s tenure as the executive director of the N. B. Those events were a warm-up for the fallout from a brawl between Pacers players and Pistons fans that resulted in the suspension of nine players , including Ron Artest for the remainder of the season. But more than that , the ugly confrontation has been made into a referendum on the popularity of a game whose star power has been largely driven by African-American athletes who have become millionaires. His membership , despite earning a total of a billion dollars , according to Hunter ' s calculation , has never been able to act with unity to challenge owners and make them feel the collective power of its muscle , unlike baseball players and the union that represents them.
Martin Brodeur has already played 18 of the Devils ' first 21 games this season. Chris Terreri , his understudy , has started only three games -- and won all three. At the rate he is going , and with the way the schedule works out for the Devils , look for Brodeur to play 70 of 82 games.  " There is no goaltending issue here , " Coach Robbie Ftorek said when asked about his goaltending tandem. " Our job is to keep both goalies healthy. " Ftorek said that last season ' s number of 70 games was just about perfect for Brodeur , who reminds regular followers of the Devils that he would like to play every game if possible.
It has required no slight adjustment for the Mexican-American players who make up half the roster on Mexico ' s team for the Women ' s World Cup. In contrast to the well-oiled machinery of United States women ' s soccer on and off the field , the simple act of catching the Mexican team bus can turn into an action movie. The Mexican team found itself stranded at its training center , miles from the stadium. But Hill and her colleagues , given the chance to play in women ' s soccer ' s premier event , are not complaining.
His firm , Thomas H. Lee Partners , had just wrapped up the final details of its most prominent and perhaps riskiest deal ever: a stunning $2. 6 billion buyout of Warner Music led by Wall Street ' s favorite whipping boy , Edgar Bronfman Jr. After all , the music industry is plagued by piracy , mired in a three-year sales slump and may be in what some describe as a death spiral. His reputation as a financial steward has been the butt of jokes ever since he sold his family ' s liquor empire , Seagram , to Vivendi in 2000 , only to watch the whole thing nearly implode.
If the weather is the X factor in Saturday ' s 128th running of the Travers Stakes , it is not bothering David Hofmans , the trainer of the favorite , Awesome Again. Hofmans pointed out today that his colt won the Jim Dandy in the mud four weeks ago. " Hofmans may have lost the top 3-year-old colt in the country , Touch Gold , who won the Belmont Stakes and the Haskell Invitational but was withdrawn from the Travers because of a cut on his left front foot , but the trainer simply promoted his understudy to first string. "
Final Four a month ago , and will now try to catch on with the Giants. Lewis was not among the 255 players selected in the two-day N. F. L. draft over the weekend. The Giants signed him as a free agent after the draft. Starting May 13 , when the Giants conduct a rookie minicamp for their seven draft choices and the players they signed after the draft , the team will see how well Lewis can block as an offensive tackle or , perhaps , catch as a tight end. Now Lewis says his best chance of forging a professional athletic career is as a football player.
Maels Rodriguez , a hard-throwing right-hander , and second baseman Yobal Duenas defected from Cuba last Saturday and are seeking asylum in an undisclosed country , following the route of previous Cuban defectors who went on to make millions in major league baseball. Rodriguez , whose age is given variously as 23 or 24 , could draw interest from several teams , including the Yankees , because of his experience in international competition and his youth. " He ' s got an outstanding body , " said Jorge Oquendo , the coordinator of international scouting for the Cincinnati Reds. " Cuba left him off its roster for this summer ' s Pan American Games , and Oquendo and other scouts suspected it was out of fear he would defect.
The fact that Ms. O ' Keefe , 49 , has made the same resolution every year since she was 14 should not suggest that she is not serious: in years past she has gone to great lengths , from liquid diets to liposuction. A study by the University of Washington indicated that 100 million Americans make New Year ' s resolutions , with weight loss at the top of the list , and that close to 40 percent of them will lapse by early March. The Biospecifics Technologies Corporation in Lynbrook has isolated an enzyme that appears to literally melt fat.
MAZON. COM has ordered 181 acres of holiday wrapping paper and 2 , 494 miles of red satin ribbon -- just in case. And it has built four new automated warehouses that give it the capacity to pack , wrap and ship nearly a million boxes a day.  " This is the fastest expansion of distribution capacity in peacetime history , " gloated Jeff Bezos , the founder of Amazon. com , the most popular store on the Internet. This holiday season , Mr. Bezos said , Amazon will send more packages -- perhaps in excess of 15 million -- to more people than any mail order company in the country.
But today , Jeff Kent not only said that he and Barry Bonds had more encounters than the news media knew about , but he also advocated such behavior among teammates as a way of spurring players to better performances and teams to greater success. Kent , a second baseman , and Bonds , a left fielder , were teammates in San Francisco for six seasons. Kent hit 175 home runs and drove in 689 runs; Bonds slugged 279 home runs and knocked in 659 runs. Kent , however , has moved on to the Houston Astros , leaving Bonds behind.
In fact , Jones had run eight faster 100 meters this season in which she has dominated the 100 and 200 meters , as well as the long jump. With more foresight , organizers could have prepared for faster men ' s and women ' s 100-meter races and greater publicity for a sport that is dying in this country -- and for a Goodwill Games that is also essentially flying below the public radar. Knowing that the wind at the Mitchel Athletic Complex blows persistently from the south , organizers could have switched the starting line from one end of the stadium to the other.
Stepping into the heart of an organization grown wary of Republicans , Secretary of State Colin L. Powell sought today to assure Secretary General Kofi Annan that he could count on the Bush administration ' s strong support across a wide spectrum of United Nations activities. General Powell , who requested the meeting before his trip to the Middle East , discussed Iraq , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and other issues with Mr. Annan for more than an hour. The secretary of state , who praised Richard C. Holbrooke , the former American envoy to the United Nations , for his work in solving , at least in large part , the problem of American debts to the organization , went further than most Republicans in pledging to cooperate with the United Nations in working on social and economic problems.
Stock prices continued to plow ahead yesterday as investors gained more confidence that the days and weeks of instability that were the norm from mid-July until late September are over.  " Everything is good right now , for now , " one stock trader said.  " There is a continued belief the Fed will ease interest rates again , " he added. " Foreign markets are stable. And mutual-fund inflows continue. " The Dow Jones industrial average yesterday rose 114. It was the fourth consecutive session to end with a gain for the blue-chip gauge and the first time it has closed above 8 , 700 points since Aug. 18.
Last summer , at the height of a four-year drought in the Southeast , local churches in the Bible Belt began holding vigils to pray for rain. Funny , now it will not stop raining around here. About the only one happy about the deluge tonight was the driver Jimmie Johnson , who found himself running in first place in the Coca-Cola 600 when a downpour began. Eight inches had fallen in recent days. Nascar officials decided to call it a race , giving Johnson the Winston Cup victory after 276 of 400 laps were completed. And he became the fifth driver to win both events at Lowe ' s , joining Jeff Gordon ( 1997 ) , Dale Earnhardt ( 1993 ) , Davey Allison ( 1991 ) and Darrell Waltrip ( 1985 ).
At 19 , 28 and 53 miles into its first stage Sunday , the Tour de France passed over bumps in the road so insignificant that almost nobody noticed. Christophe Mengin noticed. So did Frédéric Finot. Nevertheless , the bumps determine who will wear the white jersey with red polka dots of the Tour ' s top climber , collecting 300 euros ( $330 ) each day and a bouquet on the victory podium. Armstrong , a Texan who is seeking his fifth consecutive Tour victory , and his United States Postal Service teammates were content to mark time today , waiting for their first sight of the mountains , where Armstrong is his most relentless.
Ever since her husband left back in the 1940 ' s when their three children were young , she supported the family alone , managing a Staten Island pizzeria and selling vacuum cleaners door to door.  " I loved selling those Filter Queen vacuums with all the attachments , " she said. " She helps her dress , blow-dries her short , streaky gray-and-white hair , and reminds her to take what seem to be dozens of pills. Ms. Arthur does not leave until 7 in the evening. Especially in cities like New York , it has become an increasingly familiar situation.
The ancient city of Troy , for instance , is actually numerous settlements , built one on top of the other over the centuries. During the summers they nest in colonies along the coast of the Ross Sea , and they ' ve been doing so for centuries. The result , in some spots , is layer upon layer of well-preserved penguin remains dating back thousands of years. It ' s a treasure trove , not for archaeologists , but for scientists studying how penguin DNA has changed -- a timeline of evolution on a molecular scale. Scientists from New Zealand and Italy sequenced portions of mitochondrial DNA from 96 penguin bones that were up to 6 , 400 years old , and from 380 blood samples of living penguins.
HIS credentials to coach women ' s professional basketball were unassailable , though Van Chancellor admits his original intentions were not altogether pure. Chancellor never did get out of women ' s basketball after that , though he admits he was " devastated " when , as the University of Mississippi women ' s coach , he was passed over for the men ' s job in 1985. Now he says " thank God I was , " for he got to coach his daughter , Renee , at Ole Miss and win the Southeastern Conference title against Pat Summitt and go on to the first two championships in the Women ' s National Basketball Association with Cynthia Cooper and Sheryl Swoopes.
There have been several extraordinary days for jockey Stewart Elliott lately , namely the occasions he has sat aboard Smarty Jones , maybe one of the greatest horses ever. Day after day , he rides a lot of cheap horses at Philadelphia Park , a midlevel racetrack. Elliott will ride regularly this spring and summer at Monmouth Park , which begins an 87-day meet on Saturday. Although Monmouth does not have the purses or cachet of a Belmont Park or Saratoga or Santa Anita in California , it is a step up from Philadelphia Park and has often served as a proving ground for riders who went on to stardom elsewhere.
AT Harry ' s Farmers Market stores , the tomatoes and melons may well have been on the vine 24 hours ago. Employees who work with perishables are screened for viruses and infectious bacteria that could find their way onto an artichoke or a head of cabbage. The baguettes are hot , the ads memorable. Trouble is , Harry ' s is a financial mess by any measure -- proof that success in the supermarket business these days has as much , or maybe more , to do with the dull basics of operations as with the tastiness and popularity of the merchandise.
The leadership style of Sutton , the American captain , has been a focal point of discussion heading into the opening-round matches between the United States and Europe on Friday. All week , Sutton has steadfastly refused to let his players know who they will be paired with , making them wait until Thursday morning. And on Wednesday , Sutton drew more attention by allowing Phil Mickelson to skip practice while his 11 teammates were on the course at Oakland Hills Country Club. Sutton ' s logic regarding Mickelson was simple. Mickelson is approaching the Ryder Cup like a major championship , and he does not normally practice the Wednesday before majors.
President Mikhail Saakashvili of Georgia warned the Bush administration on Thursday that Russia was trying to assert greater control over his country , a former republic in the old Soviet Union. Despite rising tensions , however , he said he would seek to resolve differences with Moscow peacefully.  " Georgia cannot and will not solve this problem with violence , " said Mr. Saakashvili , in a visit to the United States that coincided with renewed charges and countercharges over Russia ' s involvement in the drive for secession in two Georgia provinces. " Mr. Saakashvili , a 36-year-old reformer who took power last year after the ouster of Georgia ' s long-serving president , Eduard A. Shevardnadze , met with Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld shortly after his arrival on Wednesday.
In his first three seasons in the major leagues , Rey Ordonez seemed to be the personification of the good-field , no-hit shortstop. Ordonez did hit. 257 as a rookie for the Mets but fell to. 246. 170 average ( 8 for 47 ) and a sulking attitude that landed him in Manager Bobby Valentine ' s doghouse , few would have predicted what happened next. 242 average -- has developed into a major league hitter. Since being benched April 23 for throwing a tantrum , Ordonez has raised his batting average 124 points to an All-Star-like. 294. No wonder that Ordonez , who is generally regarded as the flashiest-fielding shortstop in the major leagues , is being given strong consideration for his first All-Star Game selection.
-- By far the least well-received speaker at the conference was Jamie Kellner , chairman and chief executive at Turner Broadcasting System , part of AOL Time Warner. Attendees loudly complained that his presentation amounted to little more than a sales pitch for the networks he oversees , principally WB , which AOL Time Warner owns with the Tribune Company. The association has striven to avoid self-serving speakers since 1999 , when it ended a three-year experiment of letting media companies promote themselves if they paid $100 , 000 for a place on the program. So remarks from Mr. Kellner like " We ' re firing on all cylinders " and " We ' re a leader in ad-supported cable television " did not exactly fall on receptive ears.
THIS is not one of those scientific exit polls that can detect a presidential election result by 6:02 A. M. in some remote corner of Maine. This is merely my gut feeling , based on vicarious observation of the people filing into Giants Stadium Friday night to watch the ghastly 34-7 defeat to Carolina. My hunch is that the people who ritually but impersonally booed horrendous football by the home team were , to a large extent , the stock clerks , distant relatives , marginal business clients and moderately familiar neighbors of the actual ticket-holders. And his own customers will be back Sunday night -- back with a vengeance.
IN a week in which even the Federal Reserve wizard , Alan Greenspan , could not conjure a sustained stock market rally , media stocks rose more and remained higher than most others. While most stock indexes fell back into negative territory by Friday ' s close , an index of 43 top media companies ended the week up 8. The Bloomberg Media Index , which includes newspaper , radio , cable and cable programming companies ( including The New York Times Company ) , was at 106 last Tuesday , the day before the market rally precipitated by news on Wednesday afternoon that Mr. Greenspan and his colleagues at the Fed approved an interest rate cut.
Hear Augusta National ' s yellow flags flapping on each green. Hear the golfers ' slacks rippling as they waited for the wind to lessen. On the 14th green , Tiger Woods , needing a 15-footer for par , took a practice stroke and backed away. Then I had to back away again. You have to widen your stance when you ' re putting in the wind , but you know that even when you hit a good putt , the wind can keep it out of the hole. " Then he holed that par putt. At the 15th , a 500-yard par 5 over a serene but sinister pond , Woods had pumped 350-yard drives and 150-yard wedges in winning last year in what he called " perfect conditions. "
Swirling winds during the first round of the JAL Big Apple Classic had players donning sweaters and reaching for longer clubs. Indeed , the wind that swept across the golf course at the Wykagyl Country Club at up to 20 miles an hour sent scores soaring. In all , 18 players were in the 80 ' s. By contrast , only one player shot 80 during all four rounds of last year ' s JAL Big Apple. Today , it was so cold and windy that McGann forsook wearing one of her trademark big-brimmed hats for a baseball cap. If anything , players normally complain about the heat and humidity during the JAL Big Apple.
And now , faced with Game 2 at the Miami Arena on Sunday , Houston was left to ponder just what the Heat did to hold him to 2 of 9 in the first half while Tim Hardaway was scoring 24 of his 34 points for an insurmountable 20-point lead in Game 1.  " They didn ' t want to give him any space toward the baseline where he could rise up and shoot , " Coach Jeff Van Gundy said after his team practiced and watched film for three hours at a Miami fitness center today. " He was leaning in and trying to draw fouls more than he was just jumping straight up over them.
THE last 12 months have been a vintage year for business news. As usual , many of the corporate scandals , economic ups and downs , market movements , bankruptcies and other events and incidents elicited telling remarks by executives and public figures. How closely were you watching the business world ? What were they talking about ? In litigation , as in life , timing is everything. I know how hard it is for people to see me as a victim , but in this case , it ' s pretty close to the truth. " Enron robbed the bank.
CVC , the Texas Pacific Group and Merrill Lynch made a long-awaited bid for the Debenhams department stores today , valuing the chain at £1. 66 billion ( $2. 67 billion ) , 7 percent more than a rival bid. Shareholders are hoping the offer will be the beginning of a bidding war. 1 percent premium to a May bid of £1. 54 billion by a consortium of Permira , a private equity firm based in London , the Blackstone Group and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners. The Permira group said in a statement to the London Stock Exchange today that it was " considering its position. "
In a deal that expands one telecommunications company and simplifies another , Airtouch Communications said yesterday that it would acquire the domestic cellular properties of the U S West Media Group for $2. 2 billion in assumed debt. The acquisition was not a surprise since the two companies signed a three-step agreement in 1994 that would have transferred U S West ' s cellular assets to Airtouch by the middle of this year. But the timing was accelerated and the financial structure was changed to allow U S West to spin off the $2. 8 billion in Airtouch stock to its shareholders , rather than holding a continuing interest in the company.
THE Justice Department has given a consortium of eight companies and Columbia University a green light to combine 27 patents into a single portfolio and license the inventions under the direction of one administrator. A spokesman for the Justice Department said the decision on Thursday appeared to be the first time its antitrust division had approved such a patent clearinghouse.  " It ' s the first statement we have made on patent pooling , " the spokesman , Bill Brooks , explained. " The patents relate to a technology known as MPEG-2 for compressing digital video and audio data. The acronym is derived from the Motion Picture Expert Group , an organization created in 1988 to design technical standards for squeezing large amounts of data into digital transmissions by limiting the information that must be sent contiguously.
Wires as thin as toothpicks , wires as thick as thumbs. In her regular management job with Verizon Communications , the country ' s largest local telephone company , Ms. Macpherson kept track of utilities regulations imposed by state agencies. She wore a suit and sat at a desk. She wrote reports. She did not carry around pliers or orange telephone handsets. Ms. Macpherson is now temporarily a technician , and a technician must know her wires. In this Verizon office in Midtown Manhattan , the wires are housed in metal frames the size of a mobile home. After several days on the job , Ms. Macpherson now knows how to lay a wire to help set up a dial tone for a new customer.
 " He wound up being a shepherd for a week or two , chasing down stray sheep and living with the Bedouin , " said Frederic C. Hof , a retired Army officer and author on the Middle East who recalls reading Mr. Crocker ' s official report on the trip when they were in language training. Mr. Crocker , President Bush ' s choice as the new ambassador to Iraq , has brought the same intensity to his three-decade diplomatic career , amassing a record of Middle East and South Asia experience possibly unrivaled in the United States Foreign Service.
After a tumultuous week in which they lost a legend and hired his replacement , the Jets caught their breath yesterday. Bradway , the former vice president for player personnel for the Kansas City Chiefs , expects to return to New York this afternoon and begin the most pressing task of his young tenure: hiring a coach. He is to interview Maurice Carthon , the Jets ' assistant head coach , for the job tomorrow. Dom Capers , Jacksonville ' s defensive coordinator , and the head coach of the Carolina Panthers from 1995 to 1998 , may be interviewed this weekend , too.
FOR 28 years , Michael H. Steinhardt managed an investment portfolio. Today he manages a portfolio of enthusiasms: Philanthropy. Art. Wildlife. And a little bit of investing. " The office is decked out with reflections of his eclectic life: There are photographs of his family and of his 51-acre estate in Bedford , N. Y. There are Jewish artifacts , including silver Hanukkah lamps and Torah shields. Under a window is a fifth-century stone tablet with Greek and Hebrew inscriptions. A four-foot-high bronze menorah stands by his desk. Five years ago , he walked away from his position as one of the most prominent hedge fund managers on Wall Street.
The Pentagon ' s inspector general concluded this week that Richard N. Perle violated no ethics laws or rules when he was leading an influential Pentagon advisory board while at the same timerepresenting two companies in their dealings with the government. But Mr. Perle has become the focus of an inquiry being conducted by Hollinger International , the media conglomerate , where he serves as a director. 5 million in payments made by the company to Trireme Partners , a venture capital company in which Mr. Perle is a managing partner. The inquiry is being led by Richard C. Breeden , the former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
How bizarre , how bizarre. For the second time in less than two weeks , the Nets lost a game in the closing seconds on a strange play. How the Nets lost to Portland , 98-97 , here Tuesday night in the final game of a five-game Western swing was mind-boggling. 8 seconds featured a game ' s worth of action. Tick by tick , here ' s what happened. 8 SECONDS With the Nets trailing , 98-96 , Sam Cassell is fouled. 4 SECONDS Jayson Williams knocks the rebound of Cassell ' s miss out of bounds off Portland center Arvydas Sabonis , giving the Nets another chance.
Mariano Rivera admitted with a wry smile that he has a specific contract figure he would consider fair. The Yankees did not meet that today , or the one that Derek Jeter had in mind. Unable to come to an agreement with their No. 1 closer and their starting shortstop , the Yankees renewed their contracts , as they may do under the collective bargaining agreement. Jeter and Rivera will each get $750 , 000 in 1998 , a raise of more than 35 percent for both. Each will be eligible for arbitration next season , unless the team ' s on-going negotiations lead to multiyear contracts.
For years it was mostly the stuff of science fiction. But now communications technology has advanced to the point where sensors , machines and computers are beginning to talk to each other wirelessly in ways that could dwarf traffic between familiar devices like cellphones. Wireless networks of sensors and machinery have long been used in a handful of critical tasks like air traffic control. Now technology is expanding their reach into areas like managing lighting systems and detecting construction defects. As an example , a wireless communications system is being tested to tell precisely when to irrigate and harvest grapes to produce premium wine.
These Yankees are transforming the record books with their deeds , while remaining human and fragile. Perhaps that will be the legacy of this team that George Steinbrenner and Joe Torre directed in the second half of the 1990 ' s. Perhaps we all should thank Oprah Winfrey for putting emotions on television in a tasteful setting. Ruth and Gehrig always seemed physically wary of each other , a dozen yards apart even when they were side by side. These Yankees not only win World Series ( in pairs , now ) , they also hug in public. Perhaps we can thank the zoom cameras and the freeze frames that capture Derek Jeter ' s impish smile as he twits his Jedi grandpa , Don Zimmer , or the reflective glance of Bernie Williams as he takes it all in , or the intense stare of Joe Girardi , whether through the mask or in the dugout , or the pained look of Paul O ' Neill as he performs his job hours after the death of his father.
When Robert Gamez joined the PGA Tour in 1990 , he made it look easy. He won his first tournament. I stopped doing all that back in about 1994 or ' 95. Now golf is serious business for Gamez , particularly this week at the PGA Tour qualifying tournament , where the top 35 finishers in the 167-player field will secure full-time playing privileges on the Tour for next year. After today ' s third round of the six-round event , Gamez was in a strong position at 11 under par ( 205 ) , tied for 12th place , seven strokes behind the leader , Pat Perez ( 18 under ).
Entertainment offices in Secaucus , N. J. , before the Lakers-Nets game. Perhaps worried that people would take shots at him again for paying close attention to off-the-court matters , O ' Neal at first denied the meeting he and his agent , Leonard Armato , had with the producers and top management of the league ' s marketing arm. In other words , O ' Neal is growing tired of a Shaq America. Like they ' ve got a deal with McDonald ' s and Coke and I got a deal with Pepsi. Maybe they can get a little from Pepsi and I can get a little from McDonald ' s. "
With a pick comb in his hair and his shirt untucked , Roland Martin wandered into the Good Guys electronics store this afternoon and immediately secured a 30-minute employment interview. Mr. Martin ' s interview in this San Francisco suburb was conducted by computer , making him a participant in a trend in retail hiring. Dozens of big-name retailers , including Target , Hollywood Video , Macy ' s and Longs Drug Stores , are replacing paper applications and in-person interviews with computer kiosks in the initial screening of applicants. The computer programs query prospective employees on job history and work habits.
Michigan State had just closed to within 3 points , 51-48 , and Langdon ' s teammate and Duke ' s inside dominator , Elton Brand , was on the bench with four fouls. William Avery got him the ball on the left wing. He dribbled once and launched a 21-footer , just inches behind the 3-point arc. It fell , and soon after so did the Spartans , 68-62 , in a bruised-rib , skinned-knee battle that was low on esthetics but high on drama. I ' m not worrying about my shooting touch. The shot not only electrified the 41 , 340 on hand at Tropicana Field; it lifted the Blue Devils , 37-1 and winners of 32 straight games , another step on the ladder of excellence.
GET ready to pay higher commissions to trade stocks. And , believe it or not , the change may actually be good for you. Two months ago , the Nasdaq stock market switched to pricing stocks in pennies , instead of in fractions. To many investors , the alteration probably seemed cosmetic , although helpful , because it freed big and small investors alike from the irritating necessity of converting fractions into decimals. What ' s 21 divided by 32 ? ) But the switch is actually causing big changes in the way stocks are traded , and its impact will probably grow over the next couple of years.
Following is a transcript of President Bush ' s address to the nation last night , as recorded by The New York Times: Tonight in Iraq , the Armed Forces of the United States are engaged in a struggle that will determine the direction of the global war on terror and our safety here at home. The new strategy I outline tonight will change America ' s course in Iraq , and help us succeed in the fight against terror. When I addressed you just over a year ago , nearly 12 million Iraqis had cast their ballots for a unified and democratic nation.
Long-Term Capital Management in 1998. Enron in 2001. The ruptures suffered by each of these companies have one thing in common: some confusion on the part of directors , managers , auditors , creditors or shareholders about how the business dealt with the complex financial instruments known as derivatives. Derivatives are contracts based on the changeable value of underlying securities , or other variables that can range from interest rates and currencies to energy prices and the weather. They can be used to reduce risk or to increase it , and they have become a standard feature on big companies ' balance sheets.
It was early in the second quarter on Sunday , and the Washington Redskins ' offense was pushing the Giants ' defense around , advancing down the field play after play. In the wake of the Giants ' 31-24 season-opening victory , it is hard to remember the moments when a Giants victory hardly looked assured , when the Giants ' defense -- even its vaunted defensive line -- was losing the battle. The Giants were trailing by 4 points and on the verge of falling further behind.  " We were on our heels , " the Giants ' defensive coordinator , John Fox , said of the Redskins ' second-quarter surge. "
It ' s slightly less " squeezably soft " -- but it ' s a lot less pricey than Procter &amp; Gamble ' s other toilet paper.  " Hold onto a little more change , " is the tag line of one ad that shows a wet piece of Charmin Basic holding the weight of two silver dollars. Procter ' s Bounty has a less expensive version hitting markets now , too. And , while Procter is among just a handful of companies introducing downmarket versions of upmarket brands , it has a lot more company when it comes to advertising to a budget-minded nation.
TiVo has changed the way people watch television and added a new word to the vernacular. But that does not mean TiVo , the company , is thriving. TiVo , which helped introduce the digital video recorder , or DVR , in 1999 , now faces an onslaught of competition from cable system and satellite operators , which are quickly eroding TiVo ' s once-dominant market share. In late May , the company announced a first-quarter loss of more than $9 million , despite a 21 percent rise in revenues , to $25. TiVo ' s stock price has fallen from its high this year of almost $13 to close at $4.
MARK McGWIRE repeatedly copped out under questioning by Congressional lawmakers , saying he wasn ' t there to " talk about the past , " a hint that steroids helped him hit 70 home runs in 1998. Commissioner Bud Selig and the players union leader Donald Fehr were unable to defend the weaknesses in Major League Baseball ' s steroids-testing agreement. By the end of Thursday ' s morning-afternoon-and-evening tripleheader in Washington , baseball had been embarrassed , as it deserved to be. Going back to the Black Sox fix of the 1919 World Series , baseball has seldom policed itself.
His soldiers , known as pesh merga , meaning " those who face death , " sat quietly under the moon. Eighteen pesh merga live here , atop a peak rising more than a mile in the sky , in seven stone bunkers that would fit inside a circle 45 feet wide. It is one spot on a front descending from Shinerwe Mountain to the valley ' s floor , pitting the pesh merga against the Islamic fighters of Ansar al Islam , a group connected to Al Qaeda. Halat Karim Agha , 32 , is the son of Karim Agha , 75 , who lives along northern Iraq ' s other front , 85 miles away , which separates Kurdish-controlled Iraq from territory ruled by Saddam Hussein.
The Jets kept their heads when all around them shoulders and knees were crumbling. Kansas City is expected to ask the Jets for permission to talk to Herman Edwards about its coaching vacancy. Edwards , 51 , has two years left on his contract. He reiterated Monday that he intended to coach the Jets next season. And on a day when quarterback Chad Pennington , who is recovering from his second shoulder operation in eight months , said he intended to start next season ' s opener , and when running back Curtis Martin vowed to return from knee surgery to have another Pro Bowl-caliber season , most of the attention was focused on Edwards.
Juan Manuel Marquez of Mexico got off the canvas three times in the first two and a half minutes and fought Manny Pacquiao of the Philippines to a 12-round draw Saturday night in a featherweight title fight at the MGM Grand Arena. Marquez , who avoided any further knockdowns , was judged the winner by Guy Jutras of Montreal , 115-113. It was a wildly satisfying fight for the 7 , 129 people in the crowd , who saw Marquez retain his World Boxing Association and International Boxing Federation belts. Pacquiao , 25 , was widely considered the best featherweight , even though he held no titles.
She had less than a year to go on her contract. She said her departure is unrelated to her health; she has successfully fought breast cancer. She had been a beat reporter , covering the Yankees and Knicks , before being teamed with McDonald last year; they replaced Russ Salzberg and Steve Somers. Berra had vowed never to return to Yankee Stadium because of the way he was fired by Steinbrenner 16 games into the 1985 season. Waldman ' s voice was the first one heard when WFAN signed on in 1987. " Waldman ' s place next to McDonald will be taken by Sid Rosenberg.
MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL American League OAKLAND ATHLETICS--Recalled RHP Rich Harden from Sacramento of the PCL. Designated RHP Chad Harville for assignment. National League MONTREAL EXPOS--Placed OF Carl Everett on the 15-day DL. METS--Named John Ricco assistant general manager. Northern League JOLIET JACKHAMMERS--Signed RHP Robert Garvin. National Basketball Development League FAYETTEVILLE PATRIOTS--Signed F Eric Taylor. Women ' s National Basketball Association MINNESOTA LYNX--Acquired a 2004 first-round draft pick and F Amanda Lassiter from Seattle for F Sheri Sam and C Janell Burse. American Basketball Association ABA--Awarded an expansion franchise to Cincinnati , to begin play in the 2004-05 season. KENTUCKY COLONELS--Named Henry Bacon coach.
WHEN Jodi West woke up one Friday in May with a weepy , crusty right eye , she rinsed her face and hoped that it would clear up on its own. By the next morning , the infection had spread to both eyes , and she realized that she would have to see someone about it. But she knew that she would have to be quick: her 7-year-old daughter was dancing in two recitals that day. I wish these clinics had been around when my son was young and getting ear infections all the time. " The clinics , called MinuteClinics , are cropping up in Target and Cub Foods stores in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area.
AS the presidential primary campaigns begin in earnest , the Iraq war is overshadowing all other issues , as it did during the midterm elections. Presidential candidates who were in the Senate in October 2002 are particularly under the microscope , as they are being called upon to justify their votes for going to war. The situation facing the candidates who cast war votes has , to my surprise , often been presented as a binary one -- they could either vote for the war , or not. There was no middle ground. On the contrary. There was indeed a third way , which Senator James Jeffords , independent of Vermont , hailed at the time as " one of the most important votes we will cast in this process. "
That natural gas prices have risen 40 percent in the last month seems normal at first glance. It is winter , after all , and a large portion of the country heats with gas. But industry executives and analysts say that natural gas prices at today ' s levels , more than $5 per million British thermal units , underscore a fundamental shift toward consistently higher prices. Through most of the 1990 ' s , natural gas prices generally were $1. 50 per million B. T. U. ' s , according to Vince White , a spokesman for Devon Energy , an oil and gas exploration and production company based in Oklahoma City.
China disclosed Tuesday that its trade surplus surged to $11. 19 billion in March , its second-highest monthly surplus ever and a level that could feed trade frictions in advance of President Hu Jintao ' s visit to the United States next week. The surplus more than doubled over March of last year on soaring exports and slowing growth in imports , and nearly matched China ' s record monthly trade surplus of $12. The March figures were especially significant because China usually runs only modest surpluses or even deficits in the first quarter. In the second quarter , factories step up their shipments to the United States and Europe of things like toys and DVD players , in preparation for the holiday retail season.
But to Cover Girl , Procter &amp; Gamble ' s 43-year-old cosmetics line , it is a longtime mantra.  " We are a strong believer in inner and outer beauty , " said Anne Martin , the company ' s vice president for global cosmetics and beauty marketing , without a trace of tongue in cheek. No surprise , then , that Cover Girl has long sponsored programs to encourage young women to get involved in charitable causes. But , no matter how heartfelt , that is a hard way to get teenagers to buy lipstick. So , in a new attempt to be cool instead of sappy , Cover Girl is reinforcing its " look good , be good " message with music fresh off the CD burner.
Reese Hoffa , the fourth-best shot-putter in the United States in 2005 , burst past the others last year. He won the world indoor title with the year ' s longest indoor put ( 72 feet 6 1/2 inches ) and was ranked first in the world by Track and Field News. On Friday , with the Madison Square Garden lights dimmed , with all other competition stopped and the music almost deafening , Hoffa will try to win the Millrose Games title for the third straight year. FRANK LITSKY IS TRAINING MORE DIFFICULT BECAUSE ADAM NELSON , YOUR TRAINING PARTNER , HAS MOVED ?
Robert L. Chapman , an editor of Roget ' s Thesaurus who built a distinguished career on the difference between the right word and the almost right word and who streamlined the work for postmodern users , died Saturday in Morristown , N. J. Dr. Chapman , who had lived with a pre-leukemic condition for a decade , had been in declining health in recent months , his son Douglass Chapman said. A scholar of medieval literature who with his long face , white hair and neat beard looked every inch the part , Dr. Chapman was an emeritus professor of English at Drew University in Madison.
As it awaits this week ' s 79th Professional Golfers Association Championship , Winged Foot ' s West course is one of America ' s most historic. The site of four United States Open championships , in 1929 , 1959 , 1974 and 1984 , it has fooled and frustrated golfers from Bobby Jones and Ben Hogan to Arnold Palmer and Jack Nicklaus , to Tom Watson and Greg Norman. Now Tiger Woods is about to test Winged Foot ' s long , narrow fairways , deep bunkers and slippery greens. 1 Genesis PAR 4 , 446 YARDS In the first round of the 1974 Open , Nicklaus had a 20-foot birdie putt from the left side. "
2 billion Fidelity Contrafund , calls himself a " good-news guy. " He buys stocks based on news of large corporate stock buybacks , regulatory changes , initial offerings or mergers , he said. " I ' m looking for good news like improved earnings growth potential , cost cutting or new management , " Mr. Danoff added from his office in Boston. He said he is more focused on a company ' s fundamental quality than on its current share price. " He buys shares of companies that he believes will generate average annual earnings growth of at least 15 to 17 percent over the next 5 to 10 years.
SHOULD faith be a factor when it comes to managing your money ? These are people with strong religious beliefs whose investing concerns have encouraged the development of nearly 30 funds with a religious affiliation. While the oldest fund , the Lutheran Brotherhood fund , goes back to 1970 , five funds alone were started this year. The funds have been introduced by organizations representing a variety of denominations: Lutheran , Roman Catholic , Islamic , Christian Scientist , evangelical Christian , Mennonite and United Methodist. Some -- like the AAL family of funds , owned by the Aid Association for Lutherans in Appleton , Wis. , and the Lutheran Brotherhood funds in Minneapolis -- are marketed and sold only to members of the Lutheran faith.
The domination of distance running by Kenyan men has been dented in recent years by Ethiopians and Moroccans.  " Why is the United States so good in basketball and the rest of the world isn ' t ? " This is the same thing. Then I would run with my two dogs. Actually , those times for a teen-ager , especially at altitude , were not bad by American standards. His next marathon , he said , will be Boston next April , and he thinks he will be back in New York next year. Women ' s Race Is Official
In what could be the start of a new trend among computer industry chiefs , both John Chambers of Cisco Systems and Larry Ellison of Oracle have invited reporters to their homes for private social events in the last two weeks. Chambers ' s rambling mansion in the foothills overlooking Silicon Valley , the high point was a series of contests. Nearly two dozen reporters were divided into a half-dozen teams , and each was joined by an executive from Cisco. Chambers ' s garage. ( A third home , a palatial estate in Woodside , Calif. , is still under construction. )
The season hasn ' t even started , and the Detroit Tigers have already registered a victory. They scored one over Commissioner Bud Selig , and the surprising aspect of it was he let them have it. Baseball ' s impartial arbitrator may be the next to hand him a loss , that one on the John Rocker grievance. If the arbitrator , Shyam Das , should overturn or even reduce Selig ' s 73-day suspension of Rocker for his ugly comments about all sorts of groups , the commissioner would have the excuse that he was unable to do anything about it.
But today he gave Houston Rockets fans another reason to chant his nickname. As the only player on a dais filled with representatives from 12 other teams , Steve Francis watched Houston win the top pick in the N. B. They had an 8. The Chicago Bulls and the Golden State Warriors had the best chance of finishing first , at 22. But the Bulls came in second , and the Warriors finished third. Memphis fell from the third spot to receive the fourth pick , and Denver dropped from fourth to fifth. The rest of the order went according to form , with Cleveland selecting sixth , the Knicks seventh , Atlanta eighth , Phoenix ninth , Miami 10th , Washington 11th , the Los Angeles Clippers 12th and the Milwaukee Bucks 13th.
Rivalries have long crisscrossed the Middle East in dizzying complexity over national ambitions , ideology , religion and oil wealth. Take one example: revolutionary movements. When colonialists ruled , secular nationalists and religious fundamentalists could unite against Westerners , then make war on each other for power , whether in Egypt , Syria or Iran. Today , Islamist revolutionaries are on the rise , with most secular nationalists considered moderates. And it is religionists once considered America ' s allies against Communism who are America ' s most feared enemies. Still , it is worth remembering that there are two broad streams of Islamism , the Shiite and the Sunni.
But Jurevicius , the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ' receiver and a former Giant , decided to board the plane in Tampa , Fla. , so he could stand on the field in time for yesterday ' s National Football Conference title game. One day , his son might watch a highlight of Jurevicius dashing down the Veterans Stadium field in the Buccaneers ' 27-10 victory over the Philadelphia Eagles that sent them to Super Bowl XXXVII in San Diego. White N. F. C. championship T-shirts were handed out in the Buccaneers ' locker room after the game to signify the franchise ' s first trip to the Super Bowl.
FOR anyone managing a good deal of money , knowing when to sell an investment is as important as knowing when to buy. When Valujet Flight 592 crashed in the Florida Everglades on May 11 , tragically taking the lives of 110 people , James Oberweis held about 120 , 000 shares of the airline in his Oberweis Emerging Growth fund , about 1 percent of its assets.  " We have a very strict set of guidelines for buying stocks and for selling stocks , " Mr. Oberweis said from his office near Chicago. One sell signal flares when earnings or revenues show signs of declining for a single quarter.
Among the most unusual things said on American sports television in my lifetime was this , from Bill Clement , during the Olympics: " New feathers. " He also said , " Bird change request by Gao Ling , " as well as: " Once the feathers get frayed , it affects the flight of the bird , and it becomes a game of chance. The feathers belong to the birdie , or the shuttlecock , the object of frequently fierce whacking and subtle lobbing in singles and doubles. And , as Clement will tell you , the feathers come exclusively from the left wing of a Chinese goose , and sometimes , players use two sleeves of birdies in a match.
But for thousands of Americans , curling is an appealing game played on ice with special brooms and granite stones. It is also an Olympic team sport that enthusiasts say is far more challenging than it may have appeared to people who dozed off during television coverage of curling at the 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City. It ' s intellectually challenging because all the strategy involved requires you to think four or five moves ahead. Many times a game comes down to hitting a square inch from over 120 feet away. " But many newcomers are attracted by the social aspects of curling , said Peter McCuen , 70 , a former publishing executive who is president of the Ardsley Curling Club in Ardsley-on-Hudson , N. Y. "
Meagan Cowher said her mother was always the more gifted and graceful of her parents. Meagan ' s father is Bill Cowher , the coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers , who face the Jets on Saturday. Bill and Kaye Cowher apparently provided the eldest of their three daughters with more than bloodlines and grit. Cowher is a 6-foot-1 freshman guard-forward for the Princeton women ' s basketball team. Just 12 games into her collegiate career , she leads her team in scoring and has been named the Ivy League Rookie of the Week four times in seven weeks. She has scored a total of 47 points in her last 2 games , and fell 3 points short of a Princeton freshman record by scoring 28 points against St. Peter ' s.
We are deeply concerned that without serious debate , the United States has crossed the limits of acceptable practices in the treatment of prisoners at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , and other sites. The secrecy and the disdain for international law and opinion are contrary to the very ideals that our country has long stood and fought for. We are told that our country is being protected by locking up dangerous terrorists in isolated facilities in order to make us accept a breakdown of our own laws. But we do not know -- indeed , we have not been allowed any way of finding out -- if the individual prisoners are enemy combatants , Al Qaeda suspects or innocents unlucky enough to have been caught in a blind sweep.
Mr. Silveira , 43 , is employed by Alpha Glove Industries , a small company that is struggling , like thousands of Brazilian businesses , through a sudden recession brought on by the financial crisis jarring many emerging market nations. In a move reminiscent of the far more devastating breakdown in Russia , companies in Sao Paulo , the industrial nerve center of Brazil , are floating the idea of paying workers like Mr. Silveira their ' 13th month ' s ' salary in products instead of cash. While Mr. Silveira ' s employers have not actually proposed paying him in gloves , the local newspapers have been full of stories suggesting that such payment plans are in the works , and the matter is dominating workers ' conversations.
As a bookkeeper who has done payrolls for 20 years , my observations differ from those in the article. Did the economists take into consideration the amount of taxes deducted from workers ' pay ? 18 an hour -- the average wage cited by the economists for production and nonsupervisory workers in manufacturing. However , the deductions for various taxes -- including Federal , state , city , Social Security and Medicare -- leave net pay of $384 a week. Deduct living expenses ( and I am being very conservative ) of $84 a week for food and other necessities and $200 for rent , utilities and other costs , and you have a net of $100 a week.
Hear the laughter , listen to the fireplace crackle , and cover your ears tomorrow morning when everybody tries to take that first step out of bed. Not snow. Sore.  " People don ' t realize what a habit-forming creature the body really is , " Andy Walshe , the United States Ski and Snowboard Association ' s director of sports science , said in an interview last week. "  " It doesn ' t work that way. Walshe has a number of suggestions , but before you think it ' s all drudgery and monotonous drills , consider the advice of Sondra Van Ert , a member of the 1998 United States Olympic snowboard team.
In the world of well-paid executives and very well-paid executives , women usually fall into the first category. Scholastic finished second this year in the National Association for Female Executives ' list of the " Top 30 Companies for Executive Women " -- in part , the group said , because " Scholastic is the sole company where women best men as top earners. " Avon Products , which is run by Andrea Jung , was first for the fifth year. Rounding out the top-five list , which was announced last week , are Liz Claiborne , WellPoint Health Networks and Fannie Mae.
When it comes to fixing his finances , though , Mr. Schoen doesn ' t know the stock market from a circular saw. He owns no securities. He has never put money anywhere except in a checking account. And recently , when Maury Zanoff , a financial planner and a friend of Mr. Schoen , gingerly said , " I don ' t know how much you know about mutual funds... , " Mr. Schoen quickly put his index finger and thumb together to signal " zero. " In January , he abandoned plans to go to graduate school to become a physical therapist , choosing instead to make a full-time career out of his part-time work in construction.
Welcome to the Cartel California. Last week a report by the Independent System Operator , which runs California ' s power grid , made it more or less official: the electricity crisis in the Golden State is partly the result of market manipulation by power generators. The report alleges that generators overcharged the state ' s utilities , which distribute power to consumers , by more than $6 billion over a 10-month period. The report is almost certain to be ignored by federal authorities. First , there are a couple of things I need to make clear about the report ' s claims.
THIS is a story about the search for corporate citizenship , and a cautionary tale of money , influence and the limits of American power. , where a local company provocatively named American Foreign Power and Electric legally incorporated a subsidiary , the Electric Company of Ecuador ( Emelec by its Spanish acronym ) , to serve the rapidly growing city of Guayaquil. It ' s a long way from Maine to Ecuador , but such was the reach of Yankee business ingenuity in those pre-globalization days. Foreign Power had already set up similar , quite lucrative companies in Argentina , Bolivia , Chile and Cuba.
On a January day in 1995 , Dr. Rod Barton , a United Nations weapons inspector with a gambler ' s instinct , decided to try bluffing the Iraqis. Ever since their defeat in the Persian Gulf war , they had steadfastly denied ever making any kind of germ weapons , despite much evidence to the contrary. The documents proved nothing but were provocative: They showed that in the 1980 ' s , Iraq had bought about 10 tons of nutrients for growing germs , far more than needed for civilian work , from a British company. Sitting across from four Iraqi generals and scientists in a windowless room near the University of Baghdad , Dr. Barton laid the documents on the table.
Larry Johnson and Anthony Mason squared off like heavyweights who were ready to put aside basketball for boxing with 3. 7 seconds left in overtime of the Knicks ' 103-100 victory today against the Miami Heat. The altercation was just another sign of the bad blood this rivalry often generates.  " Both teams like to play against each other and both teams like to have a little bragging rights , but it ' s a little too emotional out there , " said Miami ' s Tim Hardaway , who was upset about nearly being elbowed by the Knicks ' Othella Harrington in the first half. "
Seagulls and swallows swoop above Royal Troon , but Fred Couples discovered an eagle in today ' s third round of the 126th British Open. His 6-iron from 168 yards disappeared into the cup for an eagle 2 on the dreaded " Railway " par-4 , the 463-yard 11th alongside the Strathclyde Transport tracks.  " Jesper hit a 7-iron , " Couples said about the second shot. " It bounced straight -- they don ' t always do that here -- and rolled into the hole. " With that eagle , 16 pars and a bogey after he missed the green at the 223-yard 17th hole , Couples finished with a one-under-par 70 for a 207 total , five strokes behind the leader , Parnevik , and three behind Darren Clarke.
Jerome Greenbaum , meat eater , inhaled the aroma of beef at his table in a bustling midtown Manhattan restaurant on a recent evening. He was serenely confident that the portions placed before him would taste , look -- and cost -- the same as all of those he had eaten before in this chain ' s many outlets. The restaurant itself was close to a replica of the others he had loved in Orlando , Fla. , and Chicago. In short , the number of surprises at this meal would be zero. Nada. Zip. 95 porterhouse steak at the most expensive major restaurant chain in the world , Morton ' s of Chicago , part of the Morton ' s Restaurant Group.
THERE is usually a lull along Madison Avenue as the American Association of Advertising Agencies holds its annual management conference. Now that the conference has ended , there has been a spate of developments involving the accounts of major national marketers like J. C. Penney , H &amp; R Block and Lucent Technologies. Temerlin McClain in Irving , Tex. Billings were estimated at $10 million. The resignation , which was not expected , came in a letter sent yesterday to Penney by the agency , part of True North Communications. Liener Temerlin , chairman at Temerlin McClain , attributed the resignation to " philosophical differences. "
Rod Laver , the only tennis player to twice win the four Grand Slam tournaments in one year , was conscious and off the critical list yesterday , a day after he had a stroke while being interviewed for a television show about the century ' s greatest athletes. Laver , who turns 60 on Aug. 9 , was in serious condition in the intensive care unit at U. C. L. A.  " He ' s definitely not paralyzed , " Dr. Neil Martin , co-director of the hospital ' s stroke center , told The Associated Press. An ESPN spokesman , Rob Tobias , told The Associated Press that Laver had sustained the stroke Monday afternoon during an interview at the Westwood Marquis Hotel , only a few blocks from the hospital.
The volcano finally blew 10 days ago , erupting at 9:37 P. M. in the fourth quarter of a game against Seattle. It promptly shook the timeout huddle of the Golden State Warriors.  " He just went off , " the veteran Warrior guard Bimbo Coles said of his new teammate , John Starks. " " The Warriors did not let Seattle back in the game. Traded for Latrell Sprewell in a deal that also sent Terry Cummings and Chris Mills to the Warriors in January , the shooting guard who once seemed tethered to Madison Square Garden now kick-starts another franchise.
THE really sultry weather will probably drift into this city around the Fourth of July , Dr. Jack Hasson figures , and then his asthma patients will become sicker. The humidity and air pollution will make drawing a breath bruising. Asthma patients will stream into his pulmonology clinic , complaining that they cannot catch their breath. He will give stronger medication to most and hospitalize the frailest. It just sabotages our work. " The steel mills that once fired Birmingham ' s economy and filled it with blue smoke are mostly gone. The pollution that worries Dr. Hasson now is barely visible: a tremulous summer haze that washes in from three large coal-burning power plants that surround Birmingham and are owned by the Southern Company , one of the country ' s largest utility holding corporations.
But in the same race , Jearl Miles-Clark failed to lower the all-comers 500 indoor standard in the eighth annual New Balance Games at the Armory Track and Field Center in northern Manhattan. Miles-Clark , a two-time Olympic gold medalist , was not as successful on two counts. She finished second to Aliann Pompey of Guyana in the 500 invitational , and her time of 1:11. 82. Pompey , a former Manhattan College star , won in 1:10. The two invitational elite one-mile runs were competitive. Hayley Tullet of Britain held off 41-year-old Lyubov Kremlyova of Russia to win the women ' s mile in 4:27.
" I told Vice President Cheney I ' m aware of the challenges that confront your president , " Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told me after he launched Operation Protective Wall a few days ago. " There is seemingly a conflict of interests between America ' s need to establish a coalition against Saddam Hussein and Israel ' s need to fight Palestinian terror. " The Israeli leader believes this is only a " seeming " conflict , not a real one. " If the U. S. goes after Saddam , Israel will stand behind you. You will win your war with Iraq -- and it will be a short one -- and then you will leave the region.
If you ' re ready for a blunt , detailed answer to that question , computer-based gadgets selling for $200 or less will provide it. The devices plug into a car ' s engine control computer and keep track of any bad behavior you might display behind the wheel -- lead-footed acceleration that wastes gasoline , for example. Others store the facts on a computer chip , to be downloaded later and put into charts where , for example , all extreme braking is shown with bright red lines. Two of the electronic backseat drivers were recently updated to keep even closer tabs on the behavior of both engine and driver: the CarChip from Davis Instruments of Hayward , Calif. , ( www.
Chris Martens , an ESPN producer , thought Mace Brown , a former Pittsburgh Pirate , was offering him a rare treasure recently. As a rookie pitcher in 1935 , Brown witnessed Babe Ruth ' s last three home runs , slugged in Forbes Field as a Boston Brave. No , Brown said. About 15 years ago , the film began to disintegrate. Martens did get his hands on plenty of material , though , and it will be on display next Tuesday in " Outside the Lines: Babe Ruth ' s Larger Than Life Legacy " ( ESPN , 7:30 P. M. ).
On the Internet , someone halfway around the world is just as accessible as the person in the next cubicle. That is also one of the small drawbacks of cyberspace. It is possible to find local services like movie theaters and car dealers on the Internet by typing your ZIP code into a search box on many Web sites. But the success of these searches depends on the indexing capabilities of the particular search engine , in addition to how well the site has been registered , two factors that can vary a great deal. That is the impetus behind a proposal by SRI International , a nonprofit company in Menlo Park , Calif. , that is looking to reorganize some Web sites according to geography.
POWER , TERROR , PEACE , AND WAR America ' s Grand Strategy in a World at Risk. By Walter Russell Mead. 226 pp. Alfred A. Knopf. $19. 95. WALTER RUSSELL MEAD is the Henry A. Kissinger senior fellow in United States foreign policy at the Council on Foreign Relations. Despite the crushing respectability of that title , Mead has earned a deserved reputation as one of the country ' s liveliest thinkers about America ' s role in the world. Mead says , " A mix of incredulity , outrage , shock , anger and despair is running through the foreign policy establishment as many of its most cherished ideas and institutions are impatiently brushed aside. "
PROFESSIONAL life could not have been sweeter for Rick Brunson , the peripatetic point guard , when Pat Riley summoned him to Miami last summer and offered him not only a job , and not only a one-year guaranteed contract , but also the promise of a long run to a championship series. And then came October , and the training-camp circle around the sad-faced coach , and the shocking news that Alonzo Mourning would not be joining them anytime soon. Mourning , of course , was soon declared out for the season with a serious kidney ailment , and Riley ' s practices , reputed to be the most demanding of all , did not strike Brunson as all that bad. "
When Liberian citizens late last month deposited the corpses of their friends and loved ones , killed by rebel shells , at the gate of the American Embassy compound in the capital of Monrovia , they were not only issuing a desperate plea for salvation but also making a statement of responsibility: it is you , the United States , who must answer our prayers. But why ? Because freed American slaves settled in Liberia 180 years ago ? Can the dim colonial past exert a tug even on the hardheaded policy makers in the Bush administration ? This administration came into office vowing to avoid what one of its officials described to me at the time as " profligate intervention. "
In September , when the snow starts to bury Grand Teton National Park , pronghorn antelope follow an ancient exit strategy. They descend from the mountains and travel more than 300 miles south to a broad treeless mesa where life is made easier by winds that scour snow off the grasses. The graceful white-rumped antelope have used that route for at least 7 , 000 years , archaeological records show. Biologists are worried about the herd. Not about the antelope themselves -- Wyoming has hundreds of thousands -- but about the fate of this disappearing behavior. In four places , the rugged topography narrows the migration corridor to a few hundred yards.
His team was in Baltimore needing a victory to get into the playoffs. He was on the inactive list , watching at home on Long Island , because Al Groh , then the Jets ' coach , had lost faith in him. Instead , the Jets lost , 10-7 , and Groh decided to bring in Brett Conway for the Jets ' final game and their last chance to make the postseason. They were beaten by Baltimore and went home. With 59 seconds left today , however , Hall was on the field and was the focal point for the more than 62 , 000 people here at Network Associates Coliseum , and the Jets ' fans at home willing their team not to repeat that collapse.
THE weather yesterday was inconsistent -- hard showers , clearing , soft showers -- and that was about right for Hideki Irabu.  " He has this little cloud over him , " said Billy Connors , Irabu ' s personal pitching coach. " It ' s true. Irabu made his return to Yankee Stadium yesterday after a tuneup session in the minor leagues , and he was the winning pitcher as the Yankees defeated Kansas City , 9-3. Irabu gave a mixed performance , lasting five and a third innings , giving up six hits , three runs , two walks and striking out five , including four of the Royals ' first five batters.
She has been indicted and deposed and made to march before tabloid paparazzi , but Martha Stewart is now taking her case to the people , electronically.  " After more than a year , the government has decided to bring charges against me for matters that are personal and entirely unrelated to the business of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia , " Ms. Stewart wrote in an open letter posted on a Web site that began operating early yesterday. " I want you to know that I am innocent -- and that I will fight to clear my name. " marthatalks. com , is part of an offensive by Ms. Stewart in the wake of her indictment on conspiracy , obstruction of justice and securities fraud charges.
FOREIGN aid , done right , can be the gift that keeps on giving -- giving back , that is. Too often , Americans think of foreign aid as charity. Throughout President Bush ' s tour through Africa , he emphasized a moral obligation to help those in need -- the less-fortunate masses. His administration ' s notion that foreign aid is best delivered by private charities and religious organizations only deepens the altruistic symbolism. Yet charity , for the most part , is the wrong way to think about foreign aid. If Americans want to help people overseas , they can write the checks themselves , in whatever amounts they want.
Jerome Bettis , the Pittsburgh Steelers running back , recalled a game against the Jacksonville Jaguars two years ago in which he had to come out because he couldn ' t breathe. The three athletes told their stories in Manhattan yesterday at a news media briefing for Asthma All-Stars , a new national asthma-education program. Joyner-Kersee said she was in asthma denial for years. FRANK LITSKY PLUS: MEDICAL NEWS
SETON HALL 83 , DREXEL 70 The Seton Hall coach rekindled the series with the Dragons because he knew that after a tough season-opening weekend in Indiana , his Pirates would need to build their confidence and enhance their record. And with superior size and athleticism , they did just that last night before a crowd of 6 , 073 at Continental Arena in East Rutherford , N. J. Behind a balanced offensive attack that yielded four players who scored at least 12 points , the Pirates ran to a solid , if not spectacular , 83-70 victory over Drexel. The all Big-East point guard Shaheen Holloway had 18 points and 10 assists as Seton Hall won its second straight contest to even its mark at 2-2.
After the Knicks escaped with a wild 89-80 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers , Ewing vented his disappointment with Madison Square Garden fans , who have booed the Knicks ( 12-6 ) regularly this season. And because Ewing will be a free agent after the season , any factor that could diminish his enthusiasm for playing in New York is worth noting. If you go other places , when the team is playing bad , the fans still support them. It has been like that for 12 years. Asked if the booing had been worse this year , Ewing said , " It has been worse , especially early. "
Q. I have read that music is being increasingly used to provide final comfort to the terminally ill. As a musician , I ' d like to explore this area for full-time employment. Faced with an aging population , America could safely call death a growth industry. But don ' t quit your day job just yet; this field , like so many others in music , may not offer the easiest way to earn a living. Many of us first became aware of music therapy when it was brandished as a mood-altering weapon by Government agents. , in 1993 , the F. B. I. tried to unsettle David Koresh and his followers with Nancy Sinatra ' s " These Boots Are Made for Walkin '. "
Whatever the Federal Reserve does over the next few months , the American economy appears to be heading , on its own , into a period of slower economic growth. We are still talking about positive economic growth. " Virtually no economist is predicting a recession , only a slowdown to perhaps half the booming annual growth rate of more than 4 percent that prevailed from October through March. Many analysts consider such rapid growth to be inflationary , if it lasts long enough. Eventually , with very strong growth , shortages of labor and merchandise develop , which push up wages and prices.
Joseph Pellegrino , an Italian immigrant who became an executive in the pasta industry and coined the popular slogan , " Wednesday is Prince Spaghetti Day , " died last Monday at his home in Hallandale , Fla. , which operated as a holding company for food brands , including Aunt Millie ' s , Dutchmaid and Prince , as well as paper and engineering products. In 1984 , Mr. Pellegrino told The Boston Globe that he came up with the " Wednesday is Prince Spaghetti Day " slogan with a friend in the advertising business in 1950. Mr. Pellegrino ' s son , Joseph P. Pellegrino , said that a friend , a Boston advertising agency executive , mentioned a similar slogan to his father -- that slogan was to be used by a macaroni industry association.
Many veteran turkey hunters are already prowling hardwood hillsides trying to locate male wild turkeys , which will become legal game when New York State ' s monthlong spring season for them opens May 1. The spring season , limited to bearded birds -- females are rarely so adorned -- comes when most hens are on their nests. Hens have to eat , too , and once the heady business of mating is done , the gobbler ' s contributions to the various females he has serviced are over. In addition to almost never having a beard , the hen is smaller and of a much lighter hue than the male , and its approach to the hidden hunter ' s yelping is totally unlike the strutting arrival of the gobbler.
This was going to be a column on the growing isolationism of the American people. Attack the Dubai ports deal to burnish your security credentials. Call for less foreign adventurism and more spending at home to win the Democratic base. Go hard against illegal immigration to win the working class. Rail against China and free trade deals to build support in the Midwest. Bingo ! The bulk of the evidence suggests there is no rising tide of isolationism in this country , even with the bloodshed in Iraq. A polling analyst , Ruy Teixeira , has taken the closest look at the data over at his Web site , Donkey Rising.
Baseball ' s acting commissioner will pause from his duties today -- he might even try to stay off the telephone for a few hours -- and watch his second-favorite team play. Bud Selig , board member and avid fan , will root for the Green Bay Packers to beat the New England Patriots in that other sport ' s Super Bowl. But I reserve the right to change my mind and pop in at the last moment. " Selig ' s interest in the Packers predates his involvement with the Milwaukee Brewers by many years; he grew up as a Packers fan , and the Brewers did not come into existence until 1969 , when he was 35.
Less than 24 hours after the Nets clinched a spot in the postseason , a clock counting down the seconds until playoff tickets go on sale was posted on the team ' s Web site. And after Friday night ' s victory against the Atlanta Hawks , reporters asked the Nets how it felt to have locked up a playoff spot for the fifth season in a row. The Nets ' postseason qualification seems to be a topic of discussion among everyone but the Nets themselves. Vince Carter said he did not know that his team ' s victory over the Hawks had clinched a playoff spot until a reporter told him.
The first-place 6-3 Giants are locked in a public relations match with the first-place 6-3 Jets , each team trying to hold serve in the court of popular opinion , with neither side wanting to fall behind in this not-so-subtle regional rivalry. If they ' re winning and it becomes our turn on the stage , then we don ' t want to stink it up. So when the Giants played host to the Bengals two Sundays ago during the Jets ' bye week , Miller felt added pressure. " That is no doubt how the Jets felt last Sunday. Several Giants said today that they spent their own day off watching the Jets ' 19-16 overtime victory over the Baltimore Ravens , a team that beat the Giants this season.
ROBERT LOCASCIO left his computer , took the elevator downstairs and walked into the corner Starbucks , not just for coffee and a muffin but as a way to illustrate how badly the Web treats its customers.  " What ' s the difference between Frappuccino and cappuccino ? " starbucks. com ) and tried to get the answer to the same question. No documents were found. So he sent an e-mail message asking the question he had asked the man behind the counter , then waited for a reply.  " This is why only 1 to 2 percent of people who visit a site online wind up buying anything -- and why at least 90 percent of the people who enter the brick-and-mortar Starbucks buy something , " Mr. LoCascio said. "
The same could be said of the information technology and media industries. Although Nasdaq ' s plunge may lead some to fold , for others , the draw of luck is worth the trouble. Last year at this time when Business Day described the best bets for 2000 , there was a tremendous sense of hope in the media and technology worlds. And some of those bets paid off: Oprah Winfrey ' s new magazine became a hit; " Who Wants To Be A Millionaire " did indeed risk overexposure; after a bumpy beginning Oxygen Media showed signs of strength , and Inside.
Inside the wrapper , however , is a special weekend business section that represents the first steps in The Austin American-Statesman ' s experiment in tailoring the familiar daily paper to the tastes , and someday maybe even the pocketbook , of every reader. Dr. Pennington -- he is an orthopedic surgeon -- is one of nearly 23 , 000 subscribers to The American-Statesman ' s Weekly Business Review , a financial news supplement that carries the market reports and stock tables the paper dropped from its weekend editions in a money-saving move last year. Because few people read the stock tables , The American-Statesman concluded , it would be cheaper to print and deliver a special section of business news and features only for those who requested it.
Ms. Bent , then an executive with a dot-com company , arrived in Buenos Aires two years ago on a Varig Airlines flight from São Paulo , but her suitcase did not. On the third day , Varig found her suitcase and promised to deliver it to her hotel within 45 minutes. After several hours ticked by , however , the airline informed Ms. Bent that the driver had been involved in an accident and her suitcase had been hurled onto a highway. Bent , now a public relations executive for CCG Investor Relations in Las Vegas. Varig said the mix-up was the fault of American Airlines , which had flown Ms.
Each time Bill Glasson suffered another health setback , he wondered if his professional golf career was in jeopardy. He has endured four knee operations , elbow surgery , forearm surgery , debilitating back problems and four sinus operations. Forget winning tournaments , Glasson ' s goal for 1997 was simply to win enough money to keep his P. G. A. Winning for the first time since the 1994 Phoenix Open , Glasson captured the Las Vegas Invitational , shooting a six-under-par 66. He finished 20 under par for the five-round tournament , one stroke better than David Edwards and Billy Mayfair.
Eleven of Europe ' s best race horses flew into South Florida today for the Breeders ' Cup , but , while the weather seemed suitable for flying , racing officials were bedeviled by an old problem: was it suitable for racing ? Bob Baffert alone had seven of his stars taking their final dress rehearsals , including the undefeated juvenile filly Chilukki , the great Silverbulletday and his leading candidate for the $4 million Classic , General Challenge. Most of the Europeans will run on the grass course , which has been inundated with storm water and may not afford them much chance of working out.
Corporate profit margins -- earnings as a percentage of revenues -- have been running at close to all-time highs , but they can improve only so much. High margins in any industry are an invitation for fresh competitors to enter the marketplace and skim some of the cream. That puts a ceiling on margins in the best of times , and as the slowing of economic output in the first quarter showed , these are not the best of times. That could make revenue growth difficult and profit growth more difficult still. Companies can also improve margins by cutting costs , but there are limits to how much leaner and meaner they can become before the quality of their products and services begins to suffer.
JOSEPH KINNEARY ' S inability to urinate in close proximity to other people almost cost him his job. Even now , he is fighting sanctions that have relegated him to desk work from his old perch as a boat captain for New York City. For some of them , it can be a career killer because it deprives them of the ability to produce urine for random drug tests. Now , though , those who suffer from the syndrome , technically called paruresis but more commonly referred to as shy bladder syndrome , are beginning to fight back. They argue that penalties exacted against them by their employers , from demotions to dismissals , violate antidiscrimination laws.
Mr. Apgar , 62 , a director at Boston Consulting Group , has been working from a high-tech home office for much of the last decade while advising his big corporate clients on how they can maximize their use of real estate -- or even get rid of it when employees telecommute. The office , really a collection of work stations , is equipped with computers and fax machines and has broadband access and separate fax and telephone lines; there is room for colleagues or visiting clients. Mr. Apgar has been dealing with alternative work spaces since he was a child , and his life story is a history lesson of sorts in the development of telecommuting.
That is because they know what every other team knows: the Redskins will control the direction of the National Football League draft next Saturday and Sunday. The Redskins own the second and third overall picks , which almost guarantees that they will get a good player unless they make a trade. The draft is an imprecise science , and it is possible the Redskins could make a bad pick with one of those early selections. But the chances of the Redskins -- especially with a skilled talent evaluator like Vinny Cerrato running their draft -- picking two consecutive busts are extremely low.
There could not be a more fitting representation of the Giants ' season than what happened today in their last offensive series against the New England Patriots. Bad play-calling. Thomas Lewis dropping a pass that hit him dead in the chest and could have set the Giants up for an attempt at a game-winning field goal. Ugly , ugly , ugly. When the former Giant and current New England running back David Meggett took a Mike Horan punt 60 yards for a touchdown to cut the Giants ' lead to 22-17 , you could see the jaw tighten on the face of Dan Reeves and the smile widen on the face of Bill Parcells.
Jets Coach Al Groh looked like the unhappiest 6-2 coach imaginable today. Midway through the season , the Jets are tied atop their division. But the problems that pockmarked their successful first half , only to be briefly concealed when the Jets produced a string of comeback victories , were on display in all their ugliness in their loss to Buffalo Sunday. The Jets have given up too many of each in the first half , producing deficits that created the need for the fourth-quarter comebacks that have defined the team. With the Dolphins and the Colts sharing the top perch in the American Football Conference East , it is entirely possible that the Jets could play well in the second half and still not make the playoffs.
The number 23 has become a benchmark for the Knicks. Last season , the number represented futility as they only won 23 games. If the Knicks ( 22-28 ) win one of their next three games , they will match last season ' s win total before the All-Star Game break , which would be a victory of sorts. It would be great to go into the All-Star break with more wins than we had last season , just so we can have those days to kind of reflect back and come back in revitalized. " In their finale last season , the Knicks defeated the Nets , 90-83 , to snap a five-game losing streak and finish 23-59 , their worst season in 20 years.
Four men arrested for falsely posing as American government officials and illegally detaining Afghans were conducting their own self-styled antiterrorism campaign , Afghan and American officials said Thursday. The four men , three of them Americans , illegally held eight Afghans for 12 days in the basement of a house where they had set up a fake export company , the officials said.  " Three foreigners made up their own group and pretended they were against those who conduct terrorist operations , " Ali Ahmed Jalali , Afghanistan ' s interior minister , said Thursday at a news conference. " Three of the Afghans who were detained were brothers who had past ties to the political party of Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , a pro-Taliban commander , but officials said none of them were involved in terrorism and were , in fact , now employees of Afghanistan ' s new government.
American League ANAHEIM ANGELS--Recalled INF Alfredo Amezaga from Salt Lake of the PCL. Purchased the contract of C Sal Fasano from Salt Lake. Designated RHP Elvin Nina for assignment. BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Placed LHP Yorkis Perez on the 60-day disabled list. Purchased the contract of LHP Eric DuBose from Bowie of the Eastern League. BOSTON RED SOX--Announced the resignation of Dr. Arthur Pappas , medical director. TEXAS RANGERS--Purchased the contract of LHP Ben Kozlowski from Tulsa of the Texas League. Moved INF-OF Frank Catalanotto from the 15-day to the 60-day disabled list. Announced a player development contract with Spokane of the Northwest League through the 2004 season.
Mr. Frankel appeared to be earning huge profits from his string of insurance companies , and he lavished fur coats , jewelry , and even Mercedes cars on a widening circle of consorts , small-time businessmen and hangers-on. Most lived off his largess , professed their loyalty to him and knew little , they say , about his business dealings , which authorities now say they believe involved the wholesale theft of the insurance companies ' assets. Over the last year , as state regulators began to turn up the heat on Mr. Frankel , life in his well-heeled commune disintegrated , according to Ms. Boudanoval and several others who lived or worked at Mr. Frankel ' s mansion in Greenwich , Conn.
Marian , 16 , has set her sights on schools in New Haven and New York , so she has loaded herself down with honors and advanced placement classes , refuses to cut back her extracurricular activities and has hung on to her part-time summer job to fatten up her savings account.  " The stock market is the best way to accumulate wealth; it is not the place to be for a short period of time , " ' said Scott Kays , president of the Kays Financial Advisory Corporation in Atlanta. " He suggested putting the money in low-risk investments like certificates of deposit , short-term bond funds or money market funds.
IN June 1999 , an otherwise healthy John Shea had a seizure at his home in Meriden. The diagnosis: a rare form of cancer known as a glioblastoma multiforme. How could this be coincidence ? " Both men later died. A glioblastoma moves like a jellyfish in the brain , invading with its tentacles and typically killing its host within 12 months. Surgery can add just a few months of life; if a tentacle is cut off , another quickly grows to take its place. During their husbands illnesses , they called some Pratt families , wrote to others. With the help of the machinists ' union at Pratt &amp; Whitney , they compiled a list of 16 employees in North Haven alone who had died of glioblastoma tumors.
Brian Cashman was still an assistant general manager with the Yankees when an official from the Oakland Athletics raised the possibility of trading Scott Brosius to New York last fall.  " I don ' t think so , " Cashman told Billy Beane , then assistant general manager for Oakland. " Cashman was negotiating , of course , immediately responding with lack of interest. But Cashman had communicated his own instincts as well: No way. After Cashman and Bob Watson , then the Yankee general manager , checked with their scouts , others assured them that Brosius was worth having -- and the rest is history.
Petr Korda , reviving a career plagued by injuries , upset the United States Open champion Patrick Rafter yesterday to set up a clash with the big-serving Richard Krajicek in the final of the Eurocard Open in Stuttgart , Germany. Korda won , 6-4 , 7-6 ( 7-3 ) , as his fluid game proved too steady for the more erratic Rafter. Krajicek , the 1996 Wimbledon champion , overcame Jonas Bjorkman , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3. Rafter , ranked No. 05 million event. Korda had beaten Rafter twice in their previous three encounters , although the Australian had won the last match , in the semifinals of the Grand Slam Cup last month.
This time , the revolution may be telecast on premium cable. Among the increasingly vocal , yet frustrated and fragmented , reformers of sport , the only point of agreement seems to be that sometime soon , perhaps between the Bowl Championship Series and the Final Four , something will happen to alert America to its runaway athletic culture. Conservative reformers hope that the National Collegiate Athletic Association will pinch and weed its wild garden of rules and enforce violations more aggressively. Centrists see college presidents reining in their warlord coaches by the purse strings. The more progressive envision mild civil disobedience that will include consciousness-raising teach-ins.
Just a block of wood with hinges on the back , a few words across the lid and a few more inside. But this relic offers a peek into who the intense basketball coach at the University of Connecticut is , and why he is who he is. He is a passionate coach who loves defense and who loves when his Huskies suffocate opponents so completely that he does not have to snap at them. He is a highly successful coach who turned ordinary UConn into an extraordinary team and who will make his sixth visit to the round of 16 in 12 seasons with the Huskies ( 31-4 ) when they oppose Washington ( 20-9 ) Thursday night in the National Collegiate Athletic Association East Regional semifinals.
National Public Radio has quietly inaugurated its first Internet-only radio program.  " All Songs Considered , " available in a streaming audio format from the show ' s Web site ( www. org/programs/asc ) , features full-length versions of the brief musical excerpts heard between segments on NPR ' s " All Things Considered " news magaine. Although NPR makes some of its on-air shows available through its Web site , the leap by a major radio organization into Internet-only programming helps validate the concept of using the Web to " narrow-cast " to a smaller listener base. Bob Boilen serves as the disc jockey for " All Songs Considered. "
Vinny Testaverde , the Jet quarterback , said today that he had enlisted another kind of jet for off-season workouts. He bought a jet plane for commuting to the team ' s drills from his home in Tampa , a move that should keep both player and coach happy. Coach Bill Parcells had told the news media that he would not sign a player who did not agree to the Jets ' " voluntary " off-season program of 40 workouts. Testaverde said that Parcells ' s threat , tying the workouts to being signed , was " a negotiating ploy. "
IT had been a long , hot weekend securing the beaches of Punta Cana , on the tourist stronghold of the Dominican Republic. The coral had taken its toll on the snorkel team. Mosquitoes the size of Messerschmitts dive-bombed the tennis courts. Peace is hell. Heading stateside on a T. W. A. civilian transport , one of the boys handed over the May issue of Esquire , and there it was: " Ghost Soldiers , " an excerpt from a new book about the liberation of a Japanese prison camp in the Philippines in 1945. Army rangers risking their lives in hand-to-hand combat !
With Mayor Rudolph Giuliani at his side , Gov. George Pataki unveiled a broad plan on Tuesday to make New York economically whole in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks on the World Trade Center. He asked the federal government for $54 billion to carry it out. The plan , which would reimburse the city and state for everything from cleanup costs to lost tax revenues , is undeniably comprehensive. The two politicians should refine the list , focus on recovery and hew closely to the maxim enunciated by the mayor himself: " The federal aid that we ask for should be honestly connected to the World Trade Center. "
The Knicks have won their last 14 home games. Tonight , they play host to the Boston Celtics , one of the worst teams in the National Basketball Association. And that is what worries Jeff Van Gundy , the Knicks ' coach. The Knicks ( 30-13 ) , hoping to avoid a letdown , will try to beat Boston for the third time this month , but they may be shorthanded. John Starks missed yesterday ' s practice with a sore right collarbone , the same injury that forced him to miss four games last week. Starks played in Sunday ' s 95-89 victory over the Miami Heat , but the soreness returned and he is questionable for the Boston game.
Pete Sampras , who tore a hip flexor early in his Australian Open semifinal loss to Andre Agassi on Thursday night , will miss the first-round cup match Feb. 4-6. Andre Agassi will now have a much more essential role to play in Harare after he finishes here against Yevgeny Kafelnikov in Sunday ' s final. Sampras is expected to be sidelined for three to four weeks with the hip flexor injury. A magnetic resonance imaging scan conducted this morning revealed a significant tear of the muscle. Sampras , who has declined to play Davis Cup for much of the last four years , informed the new American captain John McEnroe of his withdrawal by phone. "
It was not quite the daily double at the Meadowlands , but today ' s running of the Keirin cycling race was a reminder that not all Olympic sports have the heroic pedigree of the decathlon. The Keiren ( pronounced KAY-rin ) is making its debut in these Olympics. It has thrived in Japan since the 1940 ' s , where it is the object of huge parimutuel betting. That unpredictability proved poison to the top American cyclist , Marty Nothstein , who on Wednesday won the first track-cycling gold medal for the United States in a nonboycott Olympic Games since 1904.
Martha Stewart ' s lawyer wasted no time yesterday suggesting that his client had become a target for government prosecutors on account of her fame. her lawyer , Robert Morvillo , asked in a statement challenging the motives behind her indictment on charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice. The lead federal prosecutor in the case , James B. Comey , insisted that the answer to that question was no. " Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not for who she is , but because of what she did , " said Mr. Comey , the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York.
But he also knows that he desperately needed a change , and he seems to have found the right niche -- albeit an incongruous one -- in this sylvan community of 8 , 000. This is also the next stop on a journey that has brought Wolfinger from the angry tantrums of a teen-age truant living alone in Portland to affluence in Connecticut to a basketball scholarship at St. John ' s next September and perhaps -- if he continues to improve and bulks up his rail-thin 200-pound frame -- eventually to the National Basketball Association. With 699 students , Joel Barlow is less than half the size of Wolfinger ' s high school in Portland; and Redding ' s suburban affluence also made the teen-ager uneasy.
WHILE many hedge funds cushioned the impact of last year ' s market decline , there were some spectacular failures. Investors in Gotham Holdings , a small fund based in New York , ended the year down 90 percent as the hedge fund ' s technology portfolio plunged. Two investors in the fund who described their losses and provided some letters from the manager seemed to know little about Mr. Anmuth ' s background , except that he had won a number of stock-picking contests in college. Last year , as the stock market declined , many hedge funds proved their worth , taking advantage of their ability to bet on a stock ' s decline to protect their investors.
THERE is no way that the television sportscaster Bob Costas , at 5 feet 7 and 49 years of age , could compete on a basketball court against Shaquille O ' Neal , the star center of the Los Angeles Lakers. But Mr. Costas once went one-on-one against Shaq in an investment contest. 7 percent gain by picking Cisco Systems , Microsoft , Dell Computer , EarthLink , Amazon. com and SportsLine USA ( now SportsLine. com Inc. ). 2 percent that Mr. Costas mustered from his choices: Quaker Oats , General Electric , Anheuser-Busch , Monsanto ( now part of Pharmacia ) , the Tribune Company and Lucent Technologies.
Edith Hirsch , a former commodities economist , died on Jan. 7 at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington , D. C. She was 103. Their clients included Levi Strauss , RCA , Bayer Pharmaceuticals and Schenley Distillers. Mrs. Hirsch specialized in agriculture trends and food distribution. The Hirsches fled Berlin in the 1930 ' s , and they emigrated from Copenhagen after Germany invaded Denmark in 1940. The couple taught at the New School for Social Research in New York , where she earned a master of social science degree in 1943. Mrs. Hirsch disbanded the consulting firm when her husband died in 1961.
It was nearly midnight Tuesday when Richard Su , a volunteer driver who had been shuttling people from hospital to hospital in search of injured relatives and friends , came for Lynette Mohammed. They were among the hundreds of people who crisscrossed the city Tuesday and yesterday , desperately checking hospitals for friends and relatives. Mr. Su ' s vehicle carrying Mrs. Mohammed and the Banfields headed east on 14th Street , a district barred to all but emergency vehicles. It passed a slow-moving line of large excavation trucks and police officers who were guarding intersections. At Bellevue Hospital Center , Mrs. Mohammed scanned the list and turned away. "
From the most raked-over historical fields to the latest technology , scholars and researchers continually manage to ask new questions , rethink old verities and produce fresh insights. Arts &amp; Ideas takes an occasional look at what some of today ' s thinkers -- the established as well as those who yearn to be -- are working on. Why do bond and securities traders trade the way they do ? In particular , she says , she is trying to understand how traders make certain kinds of decisions at a given moment in the trading pit. " For example , how , without the tools of calculation available outside the pit , do they decide when to buy and sell ? "
Any realists affiliated with the Mets figured this was coming. They crossed their fingers , their legs and their toes each time a fly ball was hit to Todd Hundley , but it was inevitable that , sooner or later , the catcher hiding in the outfield would hurt the Mets with his defense. Hundley ' s initial misplay led to three Phillies runs in the first inning. The Mets tried to erase that deficit for nine futile innings before succumbing to Philadelphia , 4-2 , at Shea Stadium. Like Hundley , the Mets failed miserably. Two of Philadelphia ' s first-inning runs scored because of Hundley ' s weak judgment in left field , and the third scored because his mistake had kept the inning going.
Hope flitted in and out of the Knicks ' consciousness on Wednesday , but was ultimately crushed by a tide of health concerns and hints of internal strife. Eddy Curry ' s best performance in a Knicks uniform was cut short by an aggravated calf injury. Quentin Richardson ' s balky back flared again , forcing him to the bench. The end result was a 105-95 loss to the Orlando Magic that left the Knicks as mentally and physically distressed as they have been at any point this season. It was their ninth loss in 10 games and came mostly as a result of poor defense -- they had no steals and let the Magic shoot.
As if on cue , a soaking rain gave way to breezy sunshine today as the victorious French soccer team paraded down the Champs-Elysees in an open-air bus , carrying the World Cup championship trophy and the well wishes of an entire nation. Today ' s celebration , which followed wild jubilation after Sunday ' s 3-0 victory over Brazil , was further confirmation of how completely a once-indifferent country had become smitten with its soccer team. Bartok , a bar in the Bastille section , began the World Cup with a party to puncture soccer balls. But , by Sunday night , France had become so consumed that the celebrations on the Champs-Elysees were being compared to the liberation of Paris during World War II.
But the question of who owns those ideas has grown contentious. Mr. Smolan and Mr. Cohen , who are perhaps best known for creating the " Day in the Life " series of photography books in the 1980 ' s , have come up with an ambitious 21st-century version , called " America 24/7. " At 12:01 this morning , more than 1 , 000 professional photographers and tens of thousands of amateurs and students were to begin fanning out across the country to shoot a week in the life of the nation. The only requirement is that everyone use a digital camera.
Despite creeping parity and the absence of the United States from the final of the Women ' s World Cup , power in women ' s soccer remains concentrated in North America and in northern Europe. Only the United States ( twice ) and Norway ( once ) have won the Women ' s World Cup. If Germany wins Sunday , it would be the first country to produce world champions in both men ' s and women ' s soccer. Sweden is a founding country for the women ' s game. The first international match for women was played between Finland and Sweden in 1973.
Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki demanded the removal of American checkpoints from the streets of Baghdad on Tuesday , in what appeared to be his latest and boldest gambit in an increasingly tense struggle for more independence from his American protectors. Mr. Maliki ' s public declaration seemed at first to catch American commanders off guard. But by nightfall , American troops had abandoned all the positions in eastern and central Baghdad that they had set up last week with Iraqi forces as part of a search for a missing American soldier. The language of the declaration , which implied that Mr. Maliki had the power to command American forces , seemed to overstep his authority and to be aimed at placating his Shiite constituency.
AS trading moved toward a close on the worst day in stock market history , a crowd of young investment bankers gathered around the fringes of the trading floor at one of Wall Street ' s premier firms. But there they stood , in stunned silence , watching the electronic ticker tape march across the wall. It did not matter to them that the prices on the tape were hopelessly out of date , an hour or more old and , in some cases , dozens of dollars higher than the real prices at which trades were being made. The bankers were watching what was obviously an epochal event , wondering if it meant the end of their careers and of the comfortable , even extravagant , way of life that had made Wall Street an oasis of wealth.
Are America Online ' s promotional CD-ROM ' s -- those shrink-wrapped discs that regularly appear in your mailbox -- junk mail or pop-culture artifacts ? To John Lieberman and Jim McKenna , technology professionals from San Francisco , those seemingly ubiquitous CD ' s , which cannot be used for any other computer-related purpose , are " needless pollution. " nomoreaolcds. com , the two have embarked on an online mission to amass one million of the discs and deliver them to AOL ' s headquarters in Dulles , Va. An affiliate site is gathering discs in Britain , and other sites are being readied in Australia , France and Germany.
To Stephen M. Case , a founder of AOL , who now runs a company called Revolution which invests in resorts , " it ' s less about the trinkets and more about the experiences you take away. " He will discuss his " new definition of luxury " on Tuesday at a conference in Carlsbad , Calif. , sponsored by American Express , which publishes several luxury magazines. A favorite among these experiences for Mr. Case , his wife , Jean , and their five children was a holiday at a vacation home in Costa Rica operated by Exclusive Resorts -- a Revolution company , of course -- during spring break in 2005.
After Baghdad fell , Lt. Col. Amer Abdullah al-Rubaie stayed at home and waited to resume his career as an officer in the Iraqi Army. To Colonel Rubaie , a special forces instructor and son of a retired general , it seemed reasonable to assume that he would keep his privileged position in the military even if it meant serving a new master. He was fit , ready and pleased that Saddam Hussein was no longer his commander in chief. But no one has called Colonel Rubaie or any other members of the national army , which the American occupation authority disbanded by decree six months ago.
THOUGH United States stock fund managers turned in a terrific average return of nearly 24 percent for all of last year , the final quarter was much trickier to navigate. They had to contend with ever-growing problems in Asia and the resulting stock market turbulence worldwide -- and many managers fared poorly at year-end. Not only did he post a stellar one-year return , but his performance for the quarter gained him a top-20 ranking among United States diversified funds with $30 million or more in assets. Also in that league for the quarter were Samuel C. Harvey , manager of Hilliard Lyons Growth , and Irving Levine of the Copley fund.
Three months before the most difficult election of Chancellor Helmut Kohl ' s career , some economists say he is buying as many new jobs as the German Government can afford. The Government reported today that the number of unemployed workers declined by 223 , 400 in May , one of the biggest monthly reductions in years. Officials called the report evidence of a turnaround in German joblessness , which edged down to 11. 3 percent in April. Coming after reports last week that the economy grew at a surprisingly strong annual rate of 3. 8 percent in the first three months of this year , the new statistics are expected to help Mr. Kohl ' s struggling campaign for re-election in September.
For two days , Marcus Camby had no strength for basketball , deeply shaken by the hostage situation that his family members endured Monday and that he and they had been reliving since. Yet after gratefully accepting flowers , food baskets and phone calls at home Tuesday , Camby , the Knicks ' center , needed a reprieve.  " This is where I want to be , " Camby said in a somber , almost fragile , voice , speaking publicly for the first time since the standoff ended; there were nearly 70 reporters and cameras around him. " Knicks Coach Jeff Van Gundy pronounced that Camby " did fine " today , but Camby said he did not know how he would be for Game 2 of the Knicks ' playoff series against the Toronto Raptors on Thursday night in Madison Square Garden.
All the buzzwords that Coach Fran Fraschilla is hoping will someday be synonymous with St. John ' s basketball. But it was talent and depth that proved the difference yesterday afternoon at Madison Square Garden , two things that the Villanova Wildcats have far more of than the Red Storm. After playing an inspiring first half in which it came away with a 2-point lead , the Red Storm was worn down by the Wildcats , who outlasted St. John ' s , 82-70 , before a crowd of 10 , 283. Villanova , ranked No. 5 in the Associated Press news media poll , used the sterling play of the senior guard Alvin Williams and the inside power of center Jason Lawson to overcome a credible effort by St. John ' s. Williams keyed the Wildcats ' transition game and piled up 21 points , 8 rebounds and 6 assists.
A sleep-deprived Bill Parcells would not allow the Jets to believe that close is good enough today. Beating the Patriots at Foxboro Stadium would have given the Jets more victories this season than they had all of last season. Instead , their record has fallen to 1-2 as they continue to try to learn how not to lose. They are 5-35 in their last 40 games. And why not ? The bottom line is that the Jets should have won , but John Hall missed a chip-shot field goal with 16 seconds remaining in regulation after the Jets had tied the game at 24-24 , following Keyshawn Johnson ' s acrobatic catch in the end zone , and then recovered a fumble on the subsequent kickoff.
The scene struck me as an example of the gap between the antiquated governing structures of Saudi Arabia and the very modern economic and social challenges the country faces. Most royal courts long ago relinquished their power to civilian governments and now serve mostly to honor tradition and attract tourists. But in Saudi Arabia the royal family runs the country , commands the military , sets economic and foreign policies and deals with its subjects in the manner of the kings and queens of a bygone era. Crown Prince Abdullah is by all accounts a thoughtful , uncorrupted ruler , and the foreign minister , Prince Saud al-Faisal , has a sophisticated understanding of international issues.
CLAUDIO DEL VECCHIO fondly remembers the scent of oil at his father ' s eyeglasses factory in Agordo , in the Italian Alps. These days , at his headquarters here in north central Connecticut , Mr. Del Vecchio is creating a mini-empire of fashion and jewelry retailers through his private holding company , Retail Brand Alliance. Last month , he agreed to acquire Brooks Brothers , the 183-year-old menswear company that dressed Abraham Lincoln and Fred Astaire. Mr. Del Vecchio has promised to reinvigorate Brooks Brothers , once synonymous with button-down elegance. There ' s never been a big retail turnaround in America , " said Richard E. Jaffe , a retail analyst at UBS Warburg. "
If anyone can persuade , cajole , coerce or at least calm the unruly jury weighing the case against two former Tyco executives , it may be Justice Michael J. Obus of New York State Supreme Court , in the view of some outside lawyers and others who know him. Last week , jurors appeared to be irreparably divided as they weighed charges that Tyco ' s former chief executive , L. Dennis Kozlowski , and its former chief financial officer , Mark H. Swartz , essentially stole hundreds of millions of dollars from the company. On Thursday , the jury sent notes warning the justice that the atmosphere in the jury room had " turned poisonous " and that " one member has stopped deliberating in good faith. "
Efforts by True North Communications to acquire Bozell , Jacobs , Kenyon &amp; Eckhardt took a big step forward yesterday when a Federal judge in Illinois granted True North a temporary restraining order against attempts by a former partner , Publicis S. A. , to derail the deal. True North had sought to enjoin Publicis in a countersuit filed last Wednesday , which answered a suit filed on Nov. 26 by Publicis Communication , the advertising arm of Publicis in Paris. 4 percent of the shares of Chicago-based True North , sued to block the acquisition on the ground that it cost too much and would not help True North expand internationally.
LAST May , Dave DeBusschere , the former New York Knicks star , collapsed and died from a heart attack at age 62 while walking to lunch in Lower Manhattan. An article in The New York Times said that the 6-foot-6 Mr. DeBusschere was " not much over his playing weight of 235 pounds " and had " no apparent symptoms of ill health. " Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death among American men , claiming more than 260 , 000 lives each year. According to the Framingham Heart Study of the National Institutes of Health , nearly half of all coronary deaths affect people , like Dave DeBusschere , with no history of heart disease symptoms.
The oak furniture. And the steady , predictable stream of profits generated by the dominant local telephone company in the Southeast. At its corporate headquarters in a nondescript high-rise here , it seems as if BellSouth remains untouched by the frenzied changes that have shaken the telecommunications world in recent years. Among the seven regional Bell companies that emerged from the 1984 breakup of AT&amp;T , only BellSouth is still , primarily , a regional phone company. After a wave of mergers and takeovers in the industry , however , BellSouth has been eclipsed , currently ranking No. And yet , by forgoing national expansion to focus on local service in the same nine states where it has operated the last 17 years , BellSouth has found the local telephone business a haven in the storm that has ravaged so much of the rest of the telecommunications industry.
If the owners somehow ratify the labor agreement at their meeting in Chicago on Wednesday , Major League Baseball will have a new economic scorekeeping system. Scheduled to be in effect for the next three seasons , the luxury tax is designed to put a drag on player salaries by inducing teams to lower their payrolls to avoid paying the tax. The new method for computing payrolls will differ in four ways from the long-used system: *Average annual value of multiyear contracts will be the basic figures used instead of yearly salary plus a prorated share of a bonus. *Contracts for a team ' s 40-man roster will be included instead of limiting the payroll to players who are on a team ' s 25-man major league roster or disabled list on Aug. 31.
The Dallas Mavericks made a trade with the San Antonio Spurs on draft day last June. The Mavericks received the Spurs ' first-round pick , the 29th and last of the first round , 19-year-old Leon Smith out of Martin Luther King High School in Chicago. There had been a conditional arrangement to have the 6-foot-11-inch Smith play one season in a developmental league. No stranger to condemnation for his hard-line dealings with New Age stars , the onetime reputed " players ' coach " now had to explain why Smith was in a Dallas psychiatric hospital after the police said he had ingested approximately 250 aspirin tablets in what may have been a suicide attempt.
On Jan. 15 , 1995 , with fanfare and international publicity , 14 gray wolves from Canada were released in the midst of the world ' s largest elk and buffalo herds , to be the seed , it was hoped , of a new breeding population in the Northern Rockies. Now , buttressed by the return of wolves that migrated from Canada to northern Montana on their own , the wolf is back in the West after a half century ' s absence , in remarkably short order. More than 700 wolves now roam the Northern Rockies. And the federal government says it is time to end the protections.
Members of America ' s professional and managerial classes have always left college and graduate school confident of at least one thing: Unless they let their driver ' s licenses lapse , they had taken their last test. A growing number of companies , from General Motors and American Express to Norwest Mortgage and Supervalu , are no longer satisfied with traditional job interviews. They are making applicants for many white-collar jobs -- for top executives on down -- run a gantlet of paper-and-pencil tests , role-playing exercises , decision-making simulations and brain-teasers. Others put candidates through a long series of interviews by psychologists or trained interviewers , a bit like oral exams.
The Irish real estate group bidding for the beleaguered Millennium Dome in London has hit a snag in negotiations with the British government over a profit-sharing proposal , people close to the talks say. The group , called Legacy , has bid $:125 million ( $184 million ) to turn the site -- which cost $:850 million ( $1. 25 billion ) to build -- into a high-tech business park. Negotiations are expected to be complete by early February. Legacy became a preferred bidder after negotiations with Nomura International , the Japanese bank , fell through in September. Eighty percent of Legacy is owned by Treasury Holdings , which is based in Dublin.
Money talks , in any currency , in any language , in any business , including a locked-out National Hockey League. Monetary incentives are evident in the increasing exodus of N. H. L. players to professional teams in Europe. The warring sides are not discussing their bitter financial fight , and there have been no negotiations since Sept. 9. The lockout began Sept. 15; the regular season was to open Oct. 13. That number would stock almost half the prestigious North American circuit , where 30 teams dress 20 players for every game. The migration to Europe could be a factor in the negotiations toward a new collective bargaining agreement and it illustrates the changing economic dynamics of an increasingly global sport.
CNN announced another change in its top management yesterday , appointing Jonathan Klein , who used to be the No. 2 executive at CBS News , as president of the company ' s domestic network. The move is the latest in what has been four years of executive upheaval at the network , whose once-dominant ratings position in cable news has been wiped away by the surging Fox News Channel. S. , as CNN ' s domestic operation is known. The top job at the domestic network has turned over five times since 2000 and the job of heading all of CNN has changed hands three times in that span.
Lou Kusserow , an outstanding back who ran for two touchdowns in Columbia ' s monumental football upset of Army in 1947 and later became a producer for NBC Sports , died June 30 at his home in Rancho Mirage , Calif. The cause of death was complications from prostate cancer , according to his son Lou , a freelance producer and director for ESPN. The Cadets had not lost in four years , and their unbeaten streak of 32 games ( 30 victories and 2 scoreless ties ) was the longest among major teams. No one had even scored on them in 1947 until Kusserow ' s 5-yard touchdown run in the second quarter.
The rain resumed at Wimbledon on Saturday and so did the waiting game , a game that causes Andy Roddick nearly as much anxiety as the one that involves forehands , two-handed backhands and huge serves. Roddick , a fast-talking and quick-witted 21-year-old , has nervous energy to burn , and it was difficult to burn much Saturday afternoon as rain washed out the entire day ' s play , forcing Roddick and his third-round opponent , Taylor Dent , to seek refuge in the players ' lounge and listen over the loudspeaker to the intermittent weather updates from Chris Gorringe , the Wimbledon chief executive.
Tiger Woods is not ready to surrender the PGA Tour money title , or the player of the year award , just yet. Playing a round that was both brilliant and dominant , Woods held a five-stroke lead heading into Saturday ' s third round of the American Express Championship. Woods is seven under for the tournament , five strokes ahead of four players tied for second place -- K. J. Choi ( 71 ) , Sergio García ( 73 ) , Tim Herron ( 72 ) and Rocco Mediate ( 72 ). Even though he did not win a major championship this year , Woods has won four times in 2003 , tied with Davis Love III for the most victories on the Tour.
Just seven years ago , VNU N. V. was a sleepy Dutch purveyor of content , through its ownership of newspapers and television stations in the Netherlands and an array of magazines across Europe. But as it watched its leading Dutch rivals , Elsevier and Wolters Kluwer , embark on global expansion programs , VNU worried that it would fall far behind. Through acquisitions totaling more than $8 billion since 1994 , VNU has turned itself into a leading provider of information about the media and consumers for use by media companies and advertisers. And many of its key assets are based in the United States.
The Florida Marlins want to finish off the Yankees and win the World Series tonight. They have the advantage in games , three to two , but they will not concede a game to bring back their best starter , Josh Beckett , on his normal four days ' rest for a possible Game 7 tomorrow. Marlins Manager Jack McKeon is going for it now. McKeon announced yesterday that he would start Beckett , the brash right-hander , on three days ' rest in Game 6 at Yankee Stadium. Pavano , who mastered the Yankees in Game 4 on Wednesday , would also be starting on three days ' rest.
When Sammy Sosa and the Chicago Cubs left Wrigley Field last weekend for the West Coast , Sosa had just tied Mark McGwire in their home run race by belting four in the three-game series against Milwaukee , and the Cubs had staged two dramatic come-from-behind victories. Sosa went 0 for 4 in a 6-4 loss to the Cincinnati Reds , and the Cubs managed just 6 hits , without a home run , let alone any late-inning heroics. Sosa ' s performance , in front of more than 40 family members whom the Cubs had flown in from the Dominican Republic as a surprise , left him one behind Mark McGwire , who had 64 after homering in the fourth inning tonight at Milwaukee.
In-Flight Meals , for Bats But a jet fighter , it seems , has nothing on a greater noctule bat , which apparently can intercept , capture and eat migrating birds in flight. Bird-eating bats are rare , and most reports of the phenomenon involve bats in the tropics capturing birds at rest. But new research by Spanish scientists , published this week in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , shows that the greater noctule bat , the largest European bat with a wingspan on the order of 18 inches , captures and consumes migrating passerines in large numbers.
Does the Bush administration know what it ' s doing in the Middle East ? Reading last week ' s newspaper reports , one might have doubts. On Thursday , a team from the Palestinian Authority met in the White House with the national security adviser , Condoleezza Rice , and was photographed with Secretary of State Colin Powell. One member of this Palestinian team was the newly appointed interior minister , Abdel Razak Yehiyeh , the man given the Herculean task of reforming the Palestinian security services. But why were the president ' s most senior advisers also meeting with Saeb Erekat , the man appointed by Yasir Arafat to head this delegation ?
The National Football League is planning to let its four television partners wire its players with microphones and put miniature cameras inside their helmets during preseason games.  " The idea is to experiment in the preseason and see how it works , " said Greg Aiello , a spokesman for the league. If the plan works out , the technological toys could be used in the regular season. He added that the most likely player to wear a " HelmetCam " or a microphone would be the quarterback so viewers could hear him barking signals. " Umpires may also be outfitted with miniature cameras.
The cellophane-covered , two-inch-thick book , titled " The Restoration of Fordham Basketball , Phase I , " is propped on a shelf behind Coach Bob Hill ' s desk at Rose Hill Gymnasium in the Bronx. The book , a compilation of Hill ' s first season at Fordham , tells of a successful but not joyful year. In describing what he called the " primitive habits " he is trying to alter , Hill said a Fordham player tried to steal a meal at a fast-food restaurant so he could pocket his $20 daily meal money. Hill , 51 , who coached the Knicks , the Indiana Pacers and the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association , guided Fordham to a 68-67 upset of 24th-ranked St. John ' s on Saturday at Madison Square Garden.
Doubts that Aetna Inc. got its billion dollar ' s worth when it bought the Prudential health care business last year have sent Aetna shares tumbling more than 12 percent in the last two days. The plunge followed complaints by Wall Street analysts that Aetna , the nation ' s largest health insurer , failed at a meeting with investors Monday to explain how the deal would deliver the immediate increases in profits that Aetna had projected. Aetna shares dropped to $60 , a two-year low on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , and rebounded to $61. Analysts said , for example , that Aetna officials did not provide current membership totals for Prudential , which lost more than one million members in 11 months from September 30 , 1998 , to the completion of the deal early last month.
On several levels , the Devils ' 3-2 victory tonight over the Phoenix Coyotes was special. It was their ninth in a row , the longest winning streak in franchise history. For the veteran goalie John Vanbiesbrouck , his 17-save performance was a successful debut just two days after arriving in a trade to back up Martin Brodeur. " For Scott Gomez , who set up the first goal and scored the winner , it represented more momentum in a late-season surge toward the form that earned him the Calder Trophy last season as rookie of the year. Coach Larry Robinson has not always been happy with the play of his 21-year-old center this season.
WHILE 42 million Americans are without health insurance , the plight of those who work for small businesses is among the most vexing. Vice President Al Gore likes a 25 percent tax credit for small-business owners , to encourage the purchase of benefits , and Gov. George W. Bush has talked vaguely about letting companies cross state lines to buy insurance. Others like the idea of purchasing coalitions , in which many businesses get together to buy insurance as if they were one big employer. Scores of local organizations have tried to address the matter in a variety of ways and have met with very limited success.
With American corporations under increasing pressure to cut costs and build global supply networks , two senior I. B. M. officials told their corporate colleagues around the world in a recorded conference call that I. B. M. needed to accelerate its efforts to move white-collar , often high-paying , jobs overseas even though that might create a backlash among politicians and its own employees. B. M ' s top employee relations executives said that three million service jobs were expected to shift to foreign workers by 2015 and that I. B. M. should move some of its jobs now done in the United States , including software design jobs , to India and other countries.
Thanks in part to Combs ' s leadership , Poly Prep of Brooklyn is 5-0 and 10th in USA Today ' s national ranking. Combs , a guard and defensive end , is a three-year starter and was named a captain at the beginning of the season. He does not celebrate good plays or talk trash. We ' re going to take it to you. " I saw that as my opportunity , so I doubled my efforts. " He was lined up against an offensive lineman , Heath Benedict , that Northwestern was recruiting.
NASA engineers managed on Monday to reproduce the type of computer crashes that have befallen the Mars rover Spirit since last week. If the root cause has been found , as engineers hope , the rover may return to complete health and resume its science mission in a week. The suspected cause will be familiar to any computer user who multitasks too much: too many files were open. A flaw in the rover programs allows the creation of an unlimited number of files , and the computer crashed trying to handle them , mission managers said. A few hours earlier at a news conference , another manager , Jennifer Trosper , reported progress on identifying the problem , but estimated that it would be two to three weeks before the rover returned to work.
BOTH good and bad news emerges from a historical review of the market cycle as it relates to initial public offerings. The good news is that the stock market will not forever remain as unreceptive to I. P. O. ' The bad news is that it could be a long time before I. P. O. volume returns to the levels set just prior to the Nasdaq composite index ' s all-time high a year ago. In February 2000 , no fewer than 55 companies came to market , and during their first day of trading alone those I. P. O. '
Mike Piazza had shaved his last remaining specks of stubble. Mike Cameron had removed his ubiquitous headphones. As Manager Willie Randolph gathered his whole roster for the first time , he looked the players up and down , from their cleats to their caps. The Mets looked less like a team at spring training than a battalion starting boot camp. Randolph began his inaugural meeting explaining the rationale for all of his rules. It is not so much that he despises goatees and long locks and heavy metal music. When Randolph finished his address , the Mets started their first full-squad practice of the spring.
Flyers Roll on Road Ron Hextall stopped 29 shots last night as the Philadelphia Flyers extended their unbeaten road streak to 12 games by defeating the Washington Capitals , 2-1 , in Landover , Md. Rod Brind ' amour and Dainius Zubrus scored for the Flyers , who are 8-0-4 on the road since Nov. 27. The Flyers ' latest road victory came against a team they hadn ' t beaten all season and in an arena where they were 0-3-1 since April 1995. Down by 2-1 , the Capitals appeared to come up with the tying goal with 16 minutes 30 seconds left.
The N. C. A. A. selection committee will not come out and say it , but it believes the defending national champion is the team to beat. 1 seeding in the South and lined that region opposite the West , which has the weakest No. 1 in Cincinnati. Go after a 29-3 team with a Hall of Fame coach in Mike Krzyzewski and the most heralded player in the nation , guard Jason Williams ? Krzyzewski concedes that these Blue Devils do not shoot the 3-point shot as well as they did last year and that they miss the leadership that Shane Battier contributed on and off the floor.
In this season ' s bumper crop of rookies in Major League Soccer -- Damani Ralph ( Chicago ) , Mike Magee , Eddie Gaven and Ricardo Clark ( MetroStars ) , Pat Noonan ( New England ) -- Eskandarian , the league ' s No. Coach Ray Hudson put the development of his young players on the back burner , traded the young striker Ali Curtis to Dallas for the veteran Ronald Cerritos and signed the Brazilian Thiago Martins , who led the A-League in scoring this past season. Since July 2 , United has an 8-5-1 record , which includes two losses in overtime.
Damir Dokic , who also had confrontations at Wimbledon in 2000 , was later banned from WTA Tour events for six months. Though reinstated in May , he did not return to the Open this year , by his own choice. In her first-round match , the 14th-seeded Dokic struggled but won , 6-2 , 3-6 , 6-3 , over Adriana Serra-Zanetti , ranked 104th in the world. Dokic , 18 , won her first tournament in May , the Italian Open. Since Wimbledon , however , she has been traveling with her mother , Liliana , and her fitness trainer.
Alan C. Milstein has had his share of emotionally charged legal cases. There was the lawsuit he filed against the University of Pennsylvania on behalf of the family of a young woman who died after undergoing a gene therapy experiment. And there was the suit against the manufacturer of an anthrax vaccine after an American soldier who had received injections died. In reciting them , Milstein makes what seems to be an unusual connection , comparing them to his current high-profile client: the suspended Ohio State running back Maurice Clarett. Clarett is trying to be declared eligible for the N. F. L. draft; the other cases involved life and death.
The riches that arrived in this tiny village came from the sea -- not in the nets its fishermen haul from the sparkling waters but in an abandoned speedboat that washed up last year stocked with dozens of hard , cellophane-wrapped bricks of Colombian cocaine. The cargo taught this village of brightly painted houses on Haiti ' s south coast what Haitian police and government officials have known for years: the drug trade is one of the few ways in Haiti to amass a fortune. This chaotic , impoverished country has been a bustling crossroads for moving Colombian cocaine to the United States for at least 20 years.
Tucked away among ancient factories and garages is a massive relic of the Dodgers ' old ballpark. It is believed to be the oldest standing piece of a major league ballpark in the country. The high , small windows of the wall have been bricked up. From 1898 to 1912 , Washington Park was the home of the team alternately nicknamed the Bridegrooms , Superbas and Trolley Dodgers.  " You sure ? " The Dodgers ? Ebbets Field is at least commemorated by a plaque and an eponymous housing project. Yankee Stadium ' s infield will be preserved in a public park.
President Bush may have plenty of reasons why Russia , his new ally in the war on terrorism , should stop cozying up to Iraq , one of the states he sees as part of an " axis of evil. " But Leonid Fedun has 20 billion reasons why Russia should not. Mr. Fedun is vice president for development at Lukoil , Russia ' s biggest oil company. He oversees a 23-year contract to develop Iraq ' s West Qurna oil field -- 667 million tons of crude , a half-million barrels a day. But only potentially. Thanks to United Nations sanctions on Iraq , Lukoil has not pumped a drop from West Qurna since it won drilling rights in 1997.
On Thursday , Senator Jesse Helms , the conservative chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and a vocal critic of the United Nations , is to be the first legislator from any nation to address the United Nations Security Council. Don ' t look for the North Carolina Republican to soften overnight his harsh views of the international organization , which over the years he has called " a disgrace " and " Orwellian. " But after Congress approved a bill last year to pay nearly $1 billion in back dues that the United States owes the United Nations in exchange for structural changes at the organization , both Mr. Helms and United Nations leaders agreed that it was time to call a truce.
The potential tying run was at second base in the eighth inning yesterday. Mike Stanton was on the mound , Robin Ventura was at the plate , and Mike Mussina would not watch. Leaning forward in the visitors ' dugout at Shea Stadium , Mussina dropped his chin and stared at the ground. Ventura fouled off a pitch , then another. He had pitched seven and two-thirds innings and driven in a run with a bounding single through the middle , but he was petrified by all the possible outcomes and would not raise his head until Ventura popped out. "
The UAL Corporation , the parent of United Airlines , reported a record loss yesterday for the third quarter in the wake of the terrorist attacks and predicted that the current quarter would be even worse. The company said that it lost $1. 16 billion , or $21. 43 a share , compared with a loss of $116 million , or $2. 30 , in the corresponding period of 2000. Revenue fell 16. 3 percent , to $4. 9 billion. United ' s troubles have deepened since May 2000 , when a dispute with its pilots resulted in the cancellation of thousands of flights , alienating passengers and costing tens of millions of dollars.
Bobby Valentine and Darryl Hamilton had their meeting today , such as it was. Valentine has called this spring ' s Hamilton controversy the biggest nonstory of his managerial career. But to Hamilton , the Mets ' outfielder , it has mattered more. Hamilton wants to play every day , and he would prefer to do it for the Mets. But because he did not believe Valentine would give him that chance , his agent and brother , John Hamilton , asked the Mets to try to trade him last month. The Mets have not found much of a market. 293 career hitter , still wants to be traded if he plays well this spring and is not given an everyday role.
" Want drive fast cars ? " It ' s possible with dumps from Zo0mer. " A " dump , " in the blunt vernacular of a relentlessly flourishing online black market , is a credit card number. And what Zo0mer is peddling is stolen account information -- name , billing address , phone -- for Gold Visa cards and MasterCards at $100 apiece. It is not clear whether any data stolen from CardSystems Solutions , the payment processor reported on Friday to have exposed 40 million credit card accounts to possible theft , has entered this black market. But law enforcement officials and security experts say it is a safe bet that the data will eventually be peddled at sites like iaaca.
John L. Tatta , a pioneer in the cable television industry , who worked with Charles Dolan to build Cablevision into one of the nation ' s leading providers , died on Thursday on Long Island. The cause was complications from cancer , Cablevision said. Mr. Tatta started his career as an installer at Dictograph , an interoffice communications equipment company , where he worked for 23 years. He joined Mr. Dolan to start Sterling Cable in 1966 , overseeing the laying of underground cable in Manhattan.  " John went out and hired a tug boat and stapled the wires along the sea wall in the East River , " Mr. Dolan recalled. "
No matter how the Nets fare this season , they are a different team than the one John Calipari inherited a year ago in his first season as a professional coach. Victories were few ( 26 ) and losses were plentiful ( 56 ) as Calipari rebuilt the team. Help they most certainly did , especially on offense and in perimeter shooting -- a welcome change for a team that shot a franchise-low 42. The trades brought the veterans Sam Cassell , Chris Gatling , Lucious Harris and Don MacLean to New Jersey to complement the core of the team: Kendall Gill ( 21.
Hord W. Hardin , whose autocratic rule over golf ' s Masters tournament was legendary , died on Monday in Harbor Springs , Mich. , after a long illness. During his tenure , which lasted from 1980 to 1991 , Mr. Hardin also served as the chairman of the Augusta National Golf Club. Mr. Hardin , a meticulous and formal man whose desire to maintain the traditions of the Masters was obsessive , often bemoaned the creeping commercialism that was altering the golf landscape. He vowed that it never would , and vigilantly resisted any attempts to inject any commercialism into the one tournament of the year that assiduously avoids even the mention of prize money.
Tino Martinez has a hard time having fun when he plays baseball , Manager Joe Torre said the other day , a trait that was no more apparent than after tonight ' s 7-3 loss to Texas. I ' ve had two good games , " Martinez said sharply , contesting the notion that his spurt of hits and runs batted in meant anything at all. Tonight , he slugged a home run and hit the ball hard in three at-bats. But as far as Torre was concerned , Martinez ' s recent burst was the best part of the Yankees ' trip , on which the team won four of six games , including two of three from Texas -- a club the Yankees may face in the post-season.
The Giants ' offense was surprisingly more productive than the St. Louis Rams ' offense today , even though the Giants were missing running back Tiki Barber. Quarterback Kerry Collins went after the middle of the defense with slanting patterns to Joe Jurevicius and Ike Hilliard. But the Rams ' defense induced an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty on Dayne that may have helped decide the game. It was called after the whistle on a Dayne run for 5 yards deep in Rams territory and forced the Giants to punt. Dayne accused the Rams of purposely pushing on his recently injured neck. "
Gerhard Schroder , the German Social Democrat who may put an end to Helmut Kohl ' s chancellorship in elections next month , came to Washington last week to see and be seen with President Clinton. Along with trying to assure Germany that strong ties to America will continue , Mr. Schroder is reinforcing parallels with a politician he admires. He paints himself as a tough and energetic reformer running against a stodgy incumbent. Germany has rejected the kinds of economic reforms now taken as gospel in Britain and America. But Germans strongly believe society should take care of all its members.
Their first stop is the brightly lighted McDonald ' s , where their two children -- Karan , 9 , and Kavya , 7 -- jostle with other youngsters at the counters as uniformed employees serve up burgers and fries from an open kitchen. Then , with their sated kids in tow , Ashok , a commodity broker , and Rathi , a feng-shui practitioner , walk around the corner to a Subway outlet and order salads and footlong sandwiches for themselves. American fast food chains are all but reinventing themselves for India , hoping to escape being tarred as unhealthy and uncool , as they have been elsewhere.
REPUBLICANS have declared Iraq the central front on the war on terrorism. Yet Republicans in Congress ignored warnings that the invasion lacked sufficient troops; did not ask about the plan to secure the postwar environment ( as it turns out , there wasn ' t one ) ; and went into denial as Baghdad descended into chaos. Congressional Republicans asked no questions when the administration staffed the Coalition Provisional Authority with cronies rather than experienced professionals , or when the authority lost track of $8. Similar Republican negligence and incompetence have led to the failure to secure Afghanistan , to apprehend Osama bin Laden , to address the nuclear ambitions of Iran and North Korea -- even to rebuild the Gulf Coast , where , a year after the inept response to Hurricane Katrina , families still live in trailers and billions in relief funds are unaccounted for.
Of course not. For me , and for most people in the developed world , the occasional power disruption cannot disrupt the expectation that as sure as the sun rises , the lights will go on in the morning when the bedroom switch is clicked. But there are increasingly more situations where it is desirable or necessary to be independent of the electricity grid and freed of what Rory Stear , the chief executive of Freeplay Energy , a company that makes hand-powered radios and flashlights , calls " the tyranny of the disposable battery. " Situations where you might not want to be -- or cannot be -- tethered to an electrical socket include boating and camping , as well as crises that knock out power , like tornadoes , hurricanes and earthquakes.
On a tree-filled boulevard known as Doctors ' Row , the four- and five-bedroom brick Tudor homes that are the jewels of this city ' s housing stock were selling for about $150 , 000 two decades ago. ; Sausalito , Calif. ; and Great Neck , N. Y. , cost the same. Over the last 20 years , however , the nation ' s housing market has been cleaved in two , and the break has helped create two very different economies in one country. Homes in the areas that were already the most expensive -- California and the Boston-to-Washington corridor -- have often doubled or tripled in value , even after adjusting for inflation.
Dissatisfied with published Vatican documents on the role of Pope Pius XII during World War II , a panel of Jewish and Catholic scholars asked today for access to closed Vatican archives.  " He was through and through a diplomat , but that simply didn ' t work when confronted with the Nazi machinery , " Eva Fleischner , a Catholic on the six-member committee , said of Pius XII at a news conference here today. The panel , the International Catholic-Jewish Commission , was formed 11 months ago by the Vatican and Jewish groups to sort out accusations that Pius XII did not speak out forcefully enough against the Holocaust.
That may explain why , in this season for tank tops and bare midriffs , Web surfers are seeking online guidance for trimming down and buffing up , according to the Media Metrix division of the Internet research firm comScore Networks. EDiets. com , which says that its 800 , 000 registered members have lost a total of 1 , 744 tons so far , has had a traffic surge recently as it promotes a program for losing 10 pounds by early July. ThirdAge. com is another shape-up site with heavy pre-beach traffic. Top features include " Stick-With-It Fitness Strategies " and " Cellulite Relief: She lost 50 pounds , but the cellulite stuck.
WHEN Saks executives greeted investors with better-than-expected results last month , they made it clear that e-commerce initiatives deserved part of the credit. But this was not a case of Internet retailing finally catching up to the exaggeration of years past. Rather , it was a testament yet again to the slow , quiet progress of new business technology , which is transforming entire industries one mundane task at a time , far from the view of consumers. Like all retailers , Saks faces the problem of deciding when to start marking down items , and at what price , so the company can glean as much profit as it can , without discounting so early that the company sells out and alienates customers , or so late that the company looks like a museum for unwanted merchandise.
Movies and plays about America are all the rage in Egypt lately. Then there ' s the recent film " Momma America , " which was a huge hit. It ' s the story of a family in which America is the mother , Egypt is the son , the Arab world are his brothers and sisters and everything is fine until a cousin shows up -- Israel -- and a fight breaks out over Momma America ' s inheritance. The movie ends with the Statue of Liberty exploding and the Egyptian being arrested because he looks like a terrorist. The latest film , " Hello America , " involves an Egyptian who goes to the U. S. and is hit by a car driven by the daughter of a presidential candidate.
As insect colonies go , a nest of the tropical ant Cardiocondyla oscurior is a real snake pit , a hotbed of aggressive male behavior. Sexual competition is so intense that wingless males fight one another to the death for the privilege of mating with queens. There are winged males , too , and they are much more docile. One would think that the wingless males would run roughshod over them , doing the ant equivalent of kicking sand in their faces , and prevent them from mating. But a team of scientists from Germany , Denmark and Italy has now shown that this is not the case.
When I was 12 , I thought that when The New Orleans Times-Picayune wrote about the " struggle for control of the West Bank , " it meant the other side of the Mississippi River. From the safe distance of 43 , " 12 " looks less an age than a disease , and for the most part , I ' ve been able to forget all about it -- not the events and the people , but the feelings that gave them meaning. But there are exceptions. Then came the second piece of news: after the summer baseball season , Fitz gave a speech to his current Newman players.
Trash accumulates , streets are clogged and daily life is disrupted. Scientists say that kind of disruption may lie at the heart of a wide array of diseases afflicting millions of Americans. In the brain , researchers say , the result is Alzheimer ' s disease , Parkinson ' s disease and a slew of other neurodegenerative disorders including the human version of mad cow disease. In the pancreas , it is Type 2 diabetes; in the lungs , cystic fibrosis; in the eyes , cataracts. If the problem develops in a certain blood protein , patients can develop numbness in the fingers or toes , or a mysterious form of heart disease that may affect as many as 4 percent of African-Americans.
After more than 180 years of puzzling , scientists say they have solved the mystery of the evolutionary origins of the plant that produces the biggest flower on earth. Researchers now say the bizarre rafflesia -- whose blossoms can measure a yard across and were described by the Swedish explorer Eric Mjoberg as having " a penetrating smell more repulsive than any buffalo carcass in an advanced state of decomposition " -- actually sprang from the gentle group of plants that includes poinsettias , violets and passionflowers. Some people have thought it was related to some other big smelly flowers , but no one has really known what to do with it. "
Refusing to issue any guarantees for the playoff series against the Pacers , resisting even a thumbs-up or thumbs-down , he simply ran his fingers across his lips , symbolically zipping them shut. In a short , cerebral practice session , Knicks Coach Jeff Van Gundy tried to focus his team on two things. First , the Heat is past , the Pacers are present. When the second-round series against Indiana begins on Tuesday night at Market Square Arena , Ewing will not be in uniform , Van Gundy said. Whether Ewing will play in Game 2 on Thursday or the following two games back at Madison Square Garden this weekend , no one seems sure , and if Ewing knows , he is not saying.
LOUIS PEOPLES was a young man when he came to the Alaskan Arctic in 1977 to help build and then run the industrial web that pumps oil from the North Slope and sends it south to market. But , even though production from the North Slope is declining , there are not enough skilled young engineers and roustabouts to replace them. The aging of America ' s oil work force is more sweeping and urgent in Alaska than in the lower 48 states because so many workers arrived at the same time. And the potential effect of the demographic pinch is magnified because the North Slope produces 4.
Randall Godfrey was a Dallas Cowboys linebacker for the last four seasons , and he played against the Giants twice a year. When Godfrey jumped as a free agent to the Tennessee Titans last Feb. 16 , he left behind the National Football Conference Eastern Division and those annual Cowboys-Giants rivalries. But because the Giants play the Tennessee Titans here on Sunday , Godfrey will see the Giants again. Ron Dayne gives them that 1-2 punch and power-running. Titans safety Marcus Robertson said: " Tiki is the wild card in their offense. They line him up more in the slot and they are looking for him for more change of direction after the catch and for longer runs after the catch. "
The ads in the Underground are as subtle as the barking of a sideshow huckster. " You won ' t believe your eyes , " they scream. Then come the prices: the equivalent of $107 round-trip to Paris , $154 to Marseilles , $201 to Lisbon. Those tickets on British Airways do not have to be bought in advance , do not require a Saturday night stay and are up to 80 percent cheaper than almost comparable fares two months ago. This summer , British Airways , the largest airline in Europe , has done what almost no American full-service carrier has been willing to do , despite the industry ' s enormous losses: radically simplify its fare structure to keep business travelers from defecting to low-cost competitors.
JUST AS cross-country skiing was one of the defining sports in Nordic- loving Norway in 1994 , ski jumping will be one of the defining sports in Nagano. Japan ' s finest Winter Olympic moment came in this sport , and it came the last time the Japan played host to the Games. If all goes well for the Japanese in Nagano , it just might happen again. THE SETUP -- Three events will be held at the Hakuba Ski Jumping Stadium: normal hill , large hill and team. On the normal hill , skiers will average approximately 90 meters from takeoff to landing.
American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Reinstated C Brook Fordyce from bereavement leave. Sent C Robert Machado outright to Ottawa of the IL. BOSTON RED SOX--Activated RHP Robert Person from the 15-day disabled list. Sent RHP Steve Woodard to Pawtucket of the International League. CLEVELAND INDIANS--Placed 1B Travis Hafner and RHP Dave Elder on the 15-day disabled list. Recalled 1B Ben Broussard from Buffalo of the IL. Purchased the contract of RHP Jerrod Riggan from Buffalo. NEW YORK YANKEES--Activated SS Derek Jeter from the 15-day disabled list. Optioned SS Erick Almonte to Columbus of the IL. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Activated OF Ken Griffey Jr. , from the 15-day disabled list.
Ms. Forsyth , a Silicon Valley computer consultant , forks over nearly $500 a month for spa treatments , massages , incense and yoga products. People like Ms. Forsyth who are working longer hours and carrying larger workloads are a big force driving a lucrative new market centered on relaxation. Time-pressed Americans increasingly want to buy their serenity off the shelf , and countless companies line up to sell it to them in the form of personal consultants , specialized video games , vitamins , yoga , massage , biofeedback , self-help books and hypnotism training. In 2003 , Americans spent $36 billion on relaxation products , according to the Natural Marketing Institute , a consulting and research firm in Harleysville , Pa.
Tens of thousands of refugees from Kosovo waiting to cross the border here vanished in the middle of the night , ordered out of a column stretching 20 miles or more by Serbian forces and sent walking to an unknown fate. At 3:30 this morning , Serbian forces walked up to a jumble of six chest-high concrete pyramids that marks the midpoint of the no man ' s land between the two customs posts , according to observers at the border from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. Those on the Albanian side could keep on going; those still in the Serbian zone were ordered to turn around.
FOR investors , the tectonic shifts in the telecommunications industry in recent years have come not from fundamental changes in the business -- as numerous as they have been -- but from corporate mergers , alliances and spinoffs. The biggest phone companies in the United States and Britain , AT&amp;T and British Telecommunications , last Sunday unveiled a $10 billion venture to serve multinational business customers. Two days later , Bell Atlantic the nation ' s No. 1 local communications company , announced a $52. 9 billion agreement to merge with GTE , a big local and long-distance carrier. Michael J. Mahoney , a big fan of European stocks and wireless companies , has managed the $1.
Re " Conceding Missteps , Bush Urges Patience on Iraq " ( front page , Oct. 26 ) : Let ' s see if I ' ve got this straight. On Sunday , you report that the Bush administration is developing a " timetable " for the Iraqi government to address sectarian violence and assume a larger security role. But on Monday , the White House denies it. Then on Tuesday , Gen. George W. Casey Jr. and Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad announce that yes , the Iraqis have indeed agreed to a timetable. But at his Wednesday news conference , President Bush says no , it ' s not a timetable; it ' s " benchmarks. "
Re " Unions See Fertile Fields at Lower End of High Tech " ( Grass-Roots Business , Sept. 26 ) , which focused on the disadvantages of temporary employment in the technology industry: Such an emphasis is narrow and one-sided. The benefits of temporary employment are clear. Staffing companies match millions of people to millions of jobs and offer flexibility to both employees and companies. Companies can get the skills they need to keep fully staffed during busy times. Temporary work also provides a bridge to permanent employment. People can try out a prospective employer and showcase their skills for a permanent job.
In the beginning of the Yankees ' five-game winning streak , they beat Toronto in extra innings. On the second , third and fourth days , they created a seemingly insurmountable lead in the American League East , sweeping the Boston Red Sox. On the fifth day , they made a comeback to defeat the Blue Jays. Due for a stinker after a week of high-adrenaline games , the Yankees sleepwalked tonight through a 14-0 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays , their most lopsided defeat of the year , their play reminiscent of some of their blowout losses last September.
Ms. Slater survived the explosion that rocked the American Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , on Aug. 7 , 1998 , but the ordeal was so ingrained in her memory that she wept as she relived it yesterday at the embassy bombings trial. Taking long gulping pauses as she testified , Ms. Slater told how she had escaped an early burial inside the smoking embassy only to stumble outside upon a guard , whose skin had been scorched off his body in the staggering heat and force of the blast. If there is one thing the bombings trial has shown so far , it is that catastrophe can somehow manage to be both intimate and banal.
With the Jets reeling from two consecutive blowout losses in which the offense managed 10 points , Coach Herman Edwards planned to meet with the offensive coordinator Paul Hackett tonight to sort through an offense that is not merely adrift , but is close to sinking.  " We ' re going to talk to some gypsies and any other place we can find people to help us , " Hackett said. " Everyone seemed to be willing to take the blame today for the Jets ' considerable woes. But nobody could offer much of an explanation for how an offense that looked unstoppable in the preseason had been thrown into reverse so quickly.
SUMMONED before a Senate subcommittee last fall to explain their industry ' s record profits , five chief executives of big energy companies were unanimous in explaining that they had no control over the prices set by global oil markets. Lee R. Raymond , then the chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil , even evoked a time in the 1990 ' s when energy companies struggled with record-low oil prices. " Now , as energy companies reveal the year-end bonuses they paid in December -- just one month after the hearing -- it is becoming evident that many top executives had no qualms about accepting record payouts , even if they were based on profits generated by the same high oil prices that they said they had nothing to do with.
Over fierce resistance from the drug industry , Congress is moving to authorize research that systematically compares the effectiveness and cost of top-selling prescription drugs. Proponents say that if Medicare is to spend $400 billion on new drug benefits over the next 10 years , it should have objective , reliable information about which medicines are most effective.  " Often there are a number of competing drugs to treat the same condition , " said Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , Democrat of New York , a leader of bipartisan efforts on the issue. " The House voted last month to provide $12 million to the Public Health Service to conduct " research on the comparative effectiveness " of prescription drugs.
He cannot win for losing. The Giants ' coach has a quarterback in Kent Graham who may give him the best chance to win the most games the rest of this season. But few people in the organization think Graham is the team ' s quarterback of the future. These same people -- some coaches , the team ' s talent evaluators and executives -- are not sure Kanell is the quarterback of the future either. They would like the tryout process for Kanell to continue later this season -- even if the team plans to seriously consider drafting a quarterback or signing a veteran free agent quarterback during the off season.
Bidding to significantly expand its presence outside the United States , the AT&amp;T Corporation is close to an agreement with British Telecommunications P. L. C. to form a joint venture serving multinational business customers , executives close to the negotiations said yesterday. The venture could be announced as early as tomorrow , the executives said. 1 long-distance carrier , and British Telecom , Britain ' s biggest communications company , would perhaps be the foremost international telecommunications venture. Demand for advanced communications services is growing even faster overseas than it is in the United States , according to many analysts , and big businesses are the most lucrative segment of the international market.
Those interested in investing in China -- putting an operation there and hiring Chinese workers -- were to go across the hall to the Penntop North conference room. Those who wanted help in exporting to China were to stay seated in Penntop South. Given the explosion of business in China , the interest in setting up shop there is not surprising. While the Bush administration complains about China unfairly tilting trade dealings to its advantage , the branch of government most responsible for promoting American business is participating in conferences and workshops that encourage American companies to put operations and jobs in China.
With graphic reports about former Coach Mike Price ' s behavior and his threat to pursue legal action serving as a backdrop , the University of Alabama announced yesterday that Mike Shula , a former Crimson Tide quarterback , would be its next head football coach. In a statement , the university announced that Shula , youngest son of the National Football League coaching legend Don Shula , had agreed to a six-year contract worth $5. Shula , 37 , had appeared to be the leading candidate from the start of Alabama ' s accelerated search after Price was fired Saturday by the university ' s president , Robert E. Witt , in the wake of disclosures about his behavior at a Pensacola , Fla. , strip club and hotel while he was there for a golf tournament.
In two weeks , Don Bosco has won two road games against two of New Jersey ' s top teams. Don Bosco was led by the two-way play of Steve Levy and another strong performance by running back Brian Toal , who gained 113 yards. Levy , a quarterback and linebacker , rushed for 94 yards but made his biggest play on defense. With Don Bosco ( 8-0 ) leading , 14-7 , in the third quarter , Levy broke into the backfield and batted down a pitch from quarterback Jim Malizia. Linebacker John Allegretta recovered the fumble and ran it in from 11 yards to put Don Bosco in control.
When Umpire Jerry Crawford walked to the Mets ' dugout to tell Bobby Valentine that he was postponing last night ' s game because of steady rain , with the Mets leading by 6-5 after rallying in the third inning , Valentine began to gesture angrily , furious at the decision and its timing. The game will be made up as part of a doubleheader today at Shea Stadium , starting at 4:40 P. M. The Dodgers scored four runs in the first inning against Bobby Jones , in a game played at an excruciatingly slow American League pace , and the Mets rallied for four in the bottom of the first.
NEW YORK has been on pooh-bah overload all week. World leaders breezed in and out. The Dalai Lama hung around. Yesterday , the Democrats ' traveling circus came to town , a field of presidential wannabes large enough to fill an American League baseball lineup ( designated hitter included ). They were at Pace University for a round of simultaneous monologues , known in the vernacular as a debate. For days , the chatter on television has been about frozen zones and snarled traffic. In New York , all events , no matter how global in import , are ultimately reduced to a few primal concerns: can you get across town by car , and if so , will you ever find a parking space ?
THIS was at one of those off-day news conferences in San Antonio the other day , the coach of the Knicks being asked , once again , if he felt personally vindicated by making it all the way to the N. B. A. finals after being one Miami bounce of the ball from the unemployment line. Jeff Van Gundy tried to say the right thing , to be the polished diplomat , but the longer he went on , the more the victim lurking inside him cried out to be heard. If they can ' t get you on results , they get you on relationships.
What will bring stability and peace to Iraq ? American troops would begin the job. Only then , once there was relative calm , could the Iraqi Army and the police force preserve the peace while political institutions were established and a functioning democracy took shape. Even those who believed in the promise of Iraqi democracy echoed this view. Each time the political process reached a milestone -- interim constitution , elections , proposed constitution , referendum , elections again -- we embraced the progress but warned that without improved security , all this political development could come to naught. But sometime in the last year , the conventional American view of how to end the violence changed.
The Red Sox arrived here around 3 a. m. Friday , and Trot Nixon insisted that the Boston baggage did not include sacks of gloom. Did the Yankees act that way when the Red Sox swept them early in the season ? " But the good things were in short supply after the Yankees swept the Red Sox in a three-game series at Yankee Stadium. Boston lost the finale , 5-4 , in 13 innings Thursday night. That left Boston eight and a half games behind the Yankees in the American League East. They were still that far back after Friday night ' s games: the Yankees lost to the Mets and the Red Sox lost again in extra innings , 6-3 , to the Atlanta Braves.
D. Wayne Lukas led Charismatic out of his barn as the first horse entering the track on the day before battle -- just as he expected Charismatic to be first in the 131st Belmont Stakes today before a crowd of more than 80 , 000 at Belmont Park , and complete his dramatic surge from claimer to the Triple Crown. The chestnut colt galloped one mile and three-quarters , which is a quarter of a mile more than he will race in the historic main event today. I don ' t see anything different than going into the Preakness or the Derby. "
Steve Young passed for two touchdowns and scored on fourth-quarter runs of 1 and 23 yards as the 49ers spoiled the Indianapolis Colts ' upset bid , 34-31 , yesterday in San Francisco. Peyton Manning , the top pick in the draft , who came in with a league-high 14 interceptions , tied a Colts rookie record with three touchdown passes , connecting with Marvin Harrison on scores of 61 , 6 and 4 yards. In a vintage scramble ending San Francisco ' s next possession , Young broke two tackles en route to a 23-yard touchdown run , pulling San Francisco to 31-29.
CLEAR financial statements are so important to Lisa Black , who runs the $295 million TIAA-CREF Bond Plus fund , that she unloaded the fund ' s Enron bonds soon after she bought them in 1999. Few investors did , but many held onto the company ' s stock and bonds until Enron ' s spectacular financial difficulties last fall. While she keeps a focus on financial statements , Ms. Black , who is based in Manhattan , is also paying special attention these days to bond issuers ' access to the credit markets. " Now , any company that has questions about its accounting or does financial-statement shenanigans will have difficulty tapping the credit markets , " she said.
Two campaigns for beer brands took top honors at the 47th annual International Advertising Festival in Cannes , France , winning the Grand Prix awards in the categories of television and cinema advertising as well as print and poster advertising. The popular " Whassup " campaign for Budweiser beer by the Chicago office of DDB Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , won in the television and cinema category in a decision announced on Saturday. In the television and cinema category , of 25 gold awards called Lions , American agencies won 10. Wieden &amp; Kennedy in Portland , Ore. , won four for work for AltaVista , Nike and Stamps.
In the minutes before an offensive explosion by the Giants against Philadelphia that might have made even the St. Louis Rams wink with appreciation , running back Tiki Barber , while being tackled , had his head slammed into the turf. The fans at Veterans Stadium were quiet because they could sniff the offensive storm that was coming , so when Barber ' s head hit , the vibrations reverberated high in the stands , a cracking sound that resembled a car wreck , and Barber lay motionless on the ground. The artificial turf here is ragged and unkempt. Giants players would say after the game that they knew -- just knew -- that Barber must have a serious concussion.
In acquiring John Olerud from the Toronto Blue Jays yesterday , the Mets raised some questions , but they offered answers both by explanation and by the terms of the trade itself. Olerud , who has reverted to being a mildly productive hitter since his career year in 1993 , appears to be a risk , but he is not costing the Mets much. They sent the Blue Jays Robert Person , a young pitcher who did not figure prominently in their plans , and they will pay only $1. The $5 million the Blue Jays will give the Mets to offset Olerud ' s salary is the most money ever included for that purpose in a trade.
Earlier this year , Google started a widely used news service. Last week , it looked to some users of the Google search that the site had started to editorialize. Anyone searching on Google for the phrase " miserable failure " was sent to the official White House biography of President Bush. Google executives say they have no corporate opinion of the Bush presidency. Instead , the episode is another example of a form of cyber-graffiti known as " Google bombing. " If enough Web pages link a certain Web page to a phrase , the Google search engine will start to associate that page with the phrase -- even if , as in the case of Mr. Bush ' s official biography , the phrase does not occur on the destination Web site.
First , people with the sniffles were told to stay out of emergency rooms. Public health officials warned about the dangers of widespread , precautionary use of antibiotics. When anthrax was discovered in an office , noses were swabbed. Almost every day now , public health officials have to retool , at times subtly and sometimes quite definitively , the way they are surveying , diagnosing and managing cases of anthrax. Hospitals have received a flurry of memos from the health department guiding them on new views of the illness , and they have responded by changing their procedures and policies week by week.
Almost immediately after a team wins the World Series , every player gets a commemorative T-shirt. The Yankees decided to hand out theirs the day before the season. During their scouting meeting at the Coliseum on Sunday , every Yankees player received two T-shirts referring to the team ' s goal for this season. The Yankees , you may have heard , have been stuck on 26 titles since 2000. 27 looming over the NY logo on the front , and " One Team , One Mission " on the back. On the front , with the NY logo , are the words , " Mission 27. "
The Denver Broncos have the best record ( 11-1 ) in the National Football League , have won eight consecutive games and own a three-game lead in the American Football Conference West Division. Defensive tackle Michael Dean Perry thinks the Broncos are a team of destiny. On Sunday , the Broncos trailed the Minnesota Vikings , 17-14 , with under two minutes to play and had the ball at the Minnesota 14-yard line. John Elway dropped back and fired a pass toward tight end Shannon Sharpe. The ball was tipped by the Minnesota safeties Harlon Barnett and Orlando Thomas near the goal line.
Monarchos looked spry nearly four hours after the race on Saturday , burying his gray snout into a red feed bucket attached to his stall door. The human connections of the colts were long gone. Monarchos ' s trainer , John Ward , and owner , John Oxley , were out somewhere , perhaps chewing over what went wrong in the 126th running of the Preakness Stakes. Why did their Kentucky Derby winner finish a dull sixth here ? Point Given ' s trainer , Bob Baffert , and jockey , Gary Stevens , suffered through a night like that two weeks ago in Louisville , Ky. , after the colt that they thought was a superhorse clomped home fifth in the Derby.
More than two decades ago , John S. Reed , then an executive vice president with Citicorp , spent and lost hundreds of millions of dollars on newfangled banking products like automated teller machines and credit cards. Today , Mr. Reed , now Citicorp ' s chief executive , is staking his entire franchise on an even more audacious plan: an agreement to merge with Travelers Group Inc. , a $70 billion transaction that is the biggest deal in history. If successful , the merger promises to reorder the landscape in financial services. That is a big if , however , since the marriage depends not only on changes in the law that currently restricts combining banking and insurance but also on melding profoundly different corporate cultures.
CARDINALS 9 , CUBS 5 Just as he did last season , Mark McGwire closed with a handful of home runs. McGwire hit his 65th homer and Sammy Sosa hit his 63d yesterday as the host St. Louis Cardinals closed out an otherwise dismal year with a 9-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs in a game called after 4 innings because of rain. McGwire homered six times in the final seven games , and moved past Ted Williams and Willie McCovey into 10th place on the career list with 522. Throughout the season , McGwire insisted his home-run accomplishments meant nothing compared to how the Cardinals fared.
Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield said he was unaware that his name had been revealed as part of a federal investigation of steroid distribution to professional athletes until he arrived Wednesday morning at the team ' s minor league facility. In documents released Tuesday via e-mail to some newspapers , including The New York Times , the United States attorney ' s office in San Francisco mistakenly revealed that Sheffield sent a FedEx package last February to the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative , or Balco , the supplements company being investigated as the source of the steroids. Sheffield was one of several athletes who testified before the grand jury investigating Balco.
When it comes to offshore racing , few regattas in the world compare to the Champagne Mumm Admiral ' s Cup. Like sterling on damask , it is a prestigious yacht-racing affair seldom tarnished by the avant-garde of open sailboat design. But the French are hearing none of that this year. It comes in the form of a wing-shaped mast , steep topsides and a narrow hull. To heighten the yacht ' s mystery , the 50-foot Krazy K-Yote Two has been kept under wraps like a new sports car at an auto show.  " Either it ' s a great boat , or it ' s not , " said Ken Read , helmsman for the United States team ' s 50-foot rival , Idler , a Nelson/Marek design. "
The president of the A. F. L. -C. I. O. , John Sweeney , plans to ask consumers to boycott three products made by Procter &amp; Gamble to show support for actors who are on strike against the advertising industry. 1 million workers , will ask consumers to forgo the use of Tide laundry detergent , Crest toothpaste and Ivory soap. The boycott is scheduled to be announced at a Tuesday morning rally in Bryant Park in Manhattan. Celebrities like Julia Roberts , Tim Robbins and Susan Sarandon , are scheduled to attend.  " This strike has been going on for some time and I think it deserves even more attention than we ' ve been giving it , " Mr. Sweeney said. "
Three agencies resigned accounts. The American unit of Club Mediterranee S. A. and its agency , Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer Euro RSCG in New York , agreed to part ways after four years. Edwina Arnold , a spokeswoman at Club Med in New York , confirmed reports of the decision this week in Advertising Age and Adweek , adding that the company had not determined what to do with the account. Bartle Bogle Hegarty in London , which handled creative duties for Club Med in other countries , also recently resigned that assignment. Team One Advertising in El Segundo , Calif. , decided against taking part in a review on its America West Airlines account , with billings estimated at $20 million to $24 million.
HOW can you go wrong in the food business ? But they don ' t have to eat what you ' re offering , and therein lies the source of so much trouble in the food trade. That , at least , is the story the food companies are telling these days. The newspapers have been full of the industry ' s misfortune. Krispy Kreme Doughnuts announced in late August that it had its second consecutive disappointing quarter , after years of being a Wall Street darling. It is closing one of its doughnut factories , and federal investigators are looking into its accounting practices.
ASTORIA , Queens , seems separated from Hollywood by more than just the width of a continent. Emerging from the Steinway Street subway station , you enter a workaday urban reality , neither glamorous nor menacing , of a kind rarely acknowledged on either the large or the small screen. On the corner of 35th Avenue and Steinway , you will find an outpost of the entertainment industry , a 14-screen Regal plex , but you will also be standing at the edge of an early hub of moviemaking: the Astoria Studio complex , the Eastern home of Paramount Pictures until the late 1920 ' s , when the advent of sound forced the studio into receivership.
A year ago , Bill Burnham was just about to give up on his early foray into high-definition television. After paying $2 , 400 for a 36-inch TV set that was high-definition ready , and $1 , 000 more for a satellite receiver with a built-in tuner capable of displaying supersharp images on his movie-shaped screen , he spent a day setting it all up in his home in Palo Alto. But then Mr. Burnham , a venture capitalist , discovered through an online Bay Area forum that many local HDTV devotees were watching over-the-air network programs beamed from San Francisco ' s prominent Sutro broadcast tower.
Prices of Treasury securities rose for the third consecutive session yesterday , as another report , this one on home resales , supported the view that the economy ' s growth is slowing. The benchmark 30-year bond gained 22/32 , to a price of 97 26/32; its yield , which moves in the opposite direction of its price , fell to 6. Yesterday the Treasury sold $18. 25 billion of new two-year notes , and in when-issued trading ahead of the sale , the yield dropped three basis points from the previous day to 6. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
YOU could feel it all week from the Rams and the Titans , all of them thrilled to be in the 34th Super Bowl. It was quite enough that the Rams beat the Titans , 23-16 , in one of the best Super Bowls ever , a collision of churning wills and resolute bodies that was not over until Mike Jones wrapped his arms around Kevin Dyson on the 1-yard line in a tackle that coaches could show in the football training films. Both teams brought the zeal of newcomers who seemed to know this might only come around once in a league that stresses equal distribution of network television money.
If Derek Jeter reaches an agreement on the largest sports contract in New York history , it will probably come early next week. Casey Close , the agent for the Yankees shortstop , is engaged in negotiations with the team , and while club executives and Close did not return calls yesterday , one major league executive with knowledge of the talks said there was optimism about a long-term deal. The two sides are working with a soft but significant deadline. Executives around baseball believe Jeter will get a contract for at least eight years and for perhaps as many as 10 , for an average salary of just under $20 million a season.
Perhaps the most extraordinary aspect of Darfur isn ' t that gunmen on the Sudanese payroll heave babies into bonfires as they shout epithets against blacks. It ' s that the rest of us are responding only with averted eyes and polite tut-tutting. This past week alone , Sudan expelled the U. N. envoy for Sudan and sent a proxy army to invade eastern Chad. Those moves underscored both the audacity of Sudan ' s leaders and the fecklessness of the rest of the world ' s. The international community has focused on getting U. N. peacekeepers into Darfur , but Sudan refuses to admit them.
D. at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology developing quantitative methods for making chemical plants more productive. com and has built an 800 , 000-equation computer model of the company ' s sprawling operation , meant to help do most everything from scheduling Christmas overtime to rerouting trucks in a snowstorm. Dr. Allgor ' s work is part of a major shift in direction for Amazon. com , the online retailing giant. And instead of designing zippy new features for its Web site and plotting new industries to conquer , its employees are turning to the tedious work of ordinary companies: cutting costs and raising revenue.
Harold Warp attended one major league baseball game in his life , and it was Game 3 of the 1932 World Series. Warp was a businessman living in Chicago who loved collecting artifacts of the past and filming his experiences to show to his family back in Nebraska. So he toted his 16-millimeter camera to Wrigley Field that Oct. 1. Warp wasn ' t an artiste , but in his jiggly style , he filmed one of baseball ' s legendary sequences: Babe Ruth gesturing in a way that made some witnesses believe he was pointing to a spot in the outfield where he would slug a home run.
Stephon Marbury could not wait for Lenny Wilkens to take the practice court. Antsy , he had to greet Wilkens , the Knicks ' new coach , beforehand. Given the go-ahead by the Knicks spokesman Joe Favorito , Marbury bolted toward the seated Wilkens , welcoming him to New York with a hug. Marbury , playing for his ninth head coach in his eight seasons in the N. B. A. , has had great starts with coaches before , but now more than ever he knows he needs to make sure his connection with this one remains strong.  " Point guards are born; they ' re delivered by God , " Marbury said hours later after the Knicks ' first practice under Wilkens. "
A rapping on the door roused Jets Coach Herman Edwards from the couch where he was being interviewed about his team ' s dysfunctional season. He kissed them and then they were gone. When he resumed the interview Thursday , Edwards admitted that his commitment to coaching had been tested this year , not by the mounting losses but by the lost time with his family. He said he told Lia that when Gabrielle was born , he would not be a part-time father the way he had been with Marcus , the couple ' s 23-year-old son. The recent apparent suicide of the eldest son of Edwards ' s close friend Tony Dungy merely sharpened Edwards ' s parental pangs.
Connecticut used a quick transition game and balanced scoring to extend its record winning streak to 63 games today with an 84-44 victory over Seton Hall. It was also the 59th straight home triumph for UConn , in front of a sellout crowd of 10 , 167 at Gampel Pavilion. For the second game in a row , top-ranked UConn ( 24-0 , 11-0 Big East ) won without having to rely on the scoring of the all-American guard Diana Taurasi , who averages 17 points a game. She scored only 5 points against Syracuse on Wednesday. Still , she was a force , with a game-high 10 assists and 5 blocked shots before leaving midway through the second half with UConn well in control.
PAUL SILAS was at the office early yesterday morning preparing for his first draft as head coach of the Charlotte Hornets. So many young players entering the league after one or two years of college , some jumping directly to the pros from high school. The notion behind the age lockout is that the players would be forced stay in school and mature. 1 , and 2 , I don ' t think it ' s necessary , " he said. " 5 by the Toronto Raptors. Silas pointed out that those baseball and hockey players who go from high school to the big leagues avoid scrutiny. "
American bombers laid a heavy barrage across the snowcapped mountains here early this morning as efforts to arrange a surrender of embattled Osama bin Laden fighters broke down. In Washington , a senior military officer said on Tuesday that United States intelligence had intercepted radio communications among Al Qaeda forces talking about Mr. bin Laden ' s location in the Tora Bora area. Although a turnover of weapons had been scheduled for 8 a. m. , the morning began in confusion as mujahedeen fighters , at first resting on the hillsides , began racing up and down the dirt tracks in pickup trucks stuffed with weapons.
Wal-Mart suppliers are willing to go to great lengths to meet Wal-Mart ' s needs. For Coca-Cola , doing so has meant going to battle with some of its own bottlers. When a group of small independent Coke bottlers read on a Web site that the company had ambitious plans to start delivering Powerade directly to Wal-Mart ' s warehouses , they were concerned. The new system meant Coke ' s bottlers would no longer bring Powerade to Wal-Mart stores. In short , they were being cut out of the system. A group of 60 bottlers , who together represent about 10 percent of Coke ' s volume in the United States , responded by filing two lawsuits against Coca-Cola and Coca-Cola Enterprises , Coke ' s largest bottler.
Madly poring over notes one last time , giddy after months of dawn-to-midnight cramming , the students skittered into the exam site , a Beijing high school. The four million high school seniors who took the entrance exam these past three days across China have worlds riding on the outcome -- what rank of college they may enter , or whether they can attend college at all. Their parents , many of whom were robbed of a chance at higher education by the turmoil of Mao ' s Cultural Revolution , are often more nervous than their offspring , and have at least as much invested in the result.
After pulling off an overtime victory over Washington on Sunday , the Giants ' defense , wheezing by the end of regulation , has a chance to catch its second wind. The breather was so needed that Mike Barrow , the 33-year-old middle linebacker , invoking a biblical passage , suggested the bye was divine intervention. Six days after losing to Dallas in overtime , the Giants lost another lead and were pushed to overtime by a Washington offense that , after being confused for three quarters , cut the Giants ' secondary to ribbons. A week after giving up 321 yards passing to Cowboys quarterback Quincy Carter , the Giants ' secondary was burned by Patrick Ramsey for 348 yards.
The Argentine fans shouted " Gordo ! " Even after he lost weight , Calleri , 27 , down to 185 pounds , had a reputation for having trouble closing out a match. The slimmed-down Calleri ended Andre Agassi ' s three-year run as champion of the Nasdaq-100 Open , eliminating him on Tuesday in the fourth round , 6-2 , 7-6. Calleri will face the winner of the match between Vince Spadea and Paradorn Srichaphan in the quarterfinals. Second-seeded Andy Roddick defeated Guillermo Canas , 6-3 , 6-3 , on Tuesday to move into the quarterfinals. On the women ' s side , Serena Williams cruised into Thursday ' s semifinals with a match that amounted to little more than a hitting session , a 6-0 , 6-1 whipping of Jill Craybas that showcased Williams ' s most consistent tennis since her return to action in this tournament.
Shoot , Errict Rhett said that in the past few weeks alone , he had already made more money in the stock market than the $336 , 000 he is scheduled to earn this season as a running back with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. It was not really the criticism , either. He had taken shots for holding out in the third year of a four-year deal that he had signed with the Buccaneers. No , Rhett said he returned to the Buccaneers last week after a 94-day holdout and played in his first game of this season last Sunday for two reasons: first , his love for the game , and second , his desire to become a restricted free agent next season.
The stock market rebounded yesterday , as investors were soothed by reports that the economy remains resilient and merger activity is still vibrant.. A day after the Dow Jones industrial average fell 87. 44 points , heavy buying of blue-chip issues helped the Dow climb 66. 76 points , or about eight-tenths of a percent , to close at 8 , 870. Broader measures were even stronger. The Standard &amp; Poor ' s 500-stock index gained 1. 1 percent to close at 1 , 094. 83 and the Nasdaq composite soared 1. 6 percent , to 1 , 769. 95. Yesterday ' s gain , though , still leaves most major stock indexes far off their all-time highs.
Technology stocks plunged yesterday , as investors used additional signs of a softening economy and confirmation from Vice President Al Gore that he intends to continue his fight for the presidency as excuses to sell shares. Stocks like Microsoft , Qualcomm and Ciena , which still have high price-to-earnings multiples despite big drops this year , led the Nasdaq composite index lower. The index , which at one point during the day was in positive territory , fell 145. 05 percent , to 2 , 734. 98 , a 52-week closing low and its lowest level since Oct. 19 , 1999.
Friday night in Detroit , the Knicks made a first-half stand befitting an elite team. They kept pace with the Pistons , who lost Game 7 in the N. B. A. finals last spring after having won the title the year before. But in the third quarter , in what is becoming a defining feature of the Knicks ' season , the offense turned to ice , scoring only 8 points. Some of the younger Knicks led an impressive comeback in the fourth quarter , outscoring the Pistons by 31-23. But by then the Knicks had dug too deep a hole , and Detroit won , 106-98.
70. Pavano was standing in front of his locker in the Montreal Expos ' clubhouse before the team ' s first pitcher-and-catcher workout of spring training. He was talking , at his visitor ' s request , about his pitch that Mark McGwire hit last Sept. 27 for his final home run of one of the most memorable sports seasons ever. Pavano threw the ball , McGwire hit it and a medical researcher named Phil Ozersky caught it and later became the beneficiary of $2. 7 million out of the $3 million that a comic book publisher named Todd McFarlane paid for it at auction.
Four weeks ago , Stephen Jackson was just a name on the Nets ' training camp list , one not even Coach Byron Scott recognized. Not only did Jackson , a 22-year-old free-agent rookie , make the team , but in the absence of the injured forward Keith Van Horn , Scott also plans to start Jackson at small forward in the Nets ' season opener Tuesday against the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers. Jackson did not go to college , choosing instead to try to make a National Basketball Association team after high school. Phoenix drafted him in the second round , No.
WHEN Peter Lampione checks the weather before getting dressed each morning , he turns to his home security system.  " We were just looking for an alarm system; it just happened they had this addition , " said Mr. Lampione , 30 , a systems analyst at Goldman Sachs and a self-professed gadget lover , who paid about $3 , 000 for his ADT Safewatch iCenter system. And if iCenter buyers choose to add more devices , they can also use the system while they are away from home , to control the stereo , the electric coffee pot and other household appliances.
FROM his old friend , Chris Webber has received the following advice regarding his trade to the Sacramento Kings , a team he is reportedly not overjoyed about playing for: show up , suit up and shut up. That would likewise have been prudent advice to the rest of the conscientious objectors from the National Basketball Association who would not serve Uncle David Stern ' s country club in Athens at the world championships , in the face of a lockout. So instead of the likes of Webber and company , the United States went to battle yesterday with the anti-Dream Team , with players from the European leagues and the basketball bushes , with Jimmy King of the Quad City Thunder.
A team that ended up being loathed by parts of middle America last season for its brazen arrogance and outlaw roster has emerged this season with an identity as indistinguishable as a blade of grass. Nothing about the Knicks stands out. The same Knicks who finished last year with a dynamic personality have fallen back into the kind of mediocre state that nearly ruined them before they awoke for an electric springtime playoff run. Nearly despondent , the Knicks shrugged their shoulders as to why they have reverted to their bad habits and shuffled out of the Staples Center in Los Angeles Tuesday night embarrassed.
SOME of the greatest players in baseball history baseball immortals , as the mortals say -- had gathered , as they do every year around this time , to honor the new members of the Hall of Fame. This year the inductees were Gary Carter and Eddie Murray. Yesterday afternoon , just before the ceremony at the Clark Sports Center here , under gray clouds that threatened rain , a commotion bubbled up and grew in intensity. People in the audience craned their necks. It turned out that the source of the hubbub was not the appearance of Willie Mays or Bob Feller or Yogi Berra or any of the other renowned pitchers and hitters in attendance , it was the arrival of a long-ago , light-hitting first baseman for Yale.
" One Electorate Under God ? " is the kind of book that writers are warned against. Never mind that its subject matter , the role of religion in American politics , has been far hotter this summer than the actual weather. That list includes congressmen , pollsters , theologians , historians and other scholars. It includes Protestants , Catholics , Jews , Muslims and nonbelievers -- and , of course , Republicans , Democrats and independents. Three former presidential aides found in these pages suggest the book ' s ideological spectrum: a conservative , Gary L. Bauer; a liberal , Paul Begala; and a libertarian , Doug Bandow.
Joe Paterno has begun sweeping up a shattered football season , but he sees luster in some of the shards in the dustpan. He was asked recently to provide some adjectives for this season , which could go down as the worst in his 35 years as the Penn State football coach. He is disappointed and frustrated because he thought this team , though young , was capable of so much more and because he could not pull them from a malaise. Instead , the Nittany Lions are 4-6 and will not play in a bowl game for only the fifth time under Paterno.
It happened first in California 15 years ago: a housing boom touched off a litigation boom as legions of lawyers filed lawsuits accusing builders of shoddy workmanship. Fueled by Americans ' gambling fever , Las Vegas and other Nevada resort cities have seen dizzying economic and population growth the last decade. And California lawyers who specialize in cases involving home construction defects , hit by a slump in their state ' s housing market , are practically drooling over the prospects next door. They are taking the Nevada bar exam at double the rate of three years ago and are aggressively wooing Nevada property managers and homeowners associations.
On the run , he flipped the ball back over the net and had the snap reflex to field a sharp volley by a hard-charging Nicolas Escude and put it away for a winner. From there , a relentless Agassi , placing his ground strokes like a pool shark , reconfirmed his status as the player most likely to succeed at the United States Open with a 7-6 ( 7-3 ) , 6-3 , 6-4 victory against the 136th-ranked Frenchman last night to advance to the semifinals against third-seeded Yevgeny Kafelnikov.  " I ' m sure it ' s going to be lightning , " Kafelnikov said after weathering 48 aces by Richard Krajicek on a marathon journey through a 7-6 ( 7-0 ) , 7-6 ( 7-4 ) , 3-6 , 1-6 , 7-6 ( 7-5 ) victory yesterday. "
The Philadelphia Phillies complained to the National League office earlier this season about cameras at Shea Stadium , concerned that the Mets were using them to steal signs. Then , when the Phillies were at Shea again last week , Mets Manager Bobby Valentine said , the cords to one of the three cameras -- the one closest to the visitor ' s dugout -- were cut. Valentine has said in the past that he does not believe in coincidence.  " I ' m sure it was vandalism , " Valentine said. " Asked if he were insinuating that the Phillies were responsible , Valentine said , " I ' m sure it was a fan. "
While his younger teammates spring off the court at the end of practice , Allan Houston sits alone and wraps his knees in ice , a sign of his age and a reminder of how things used to be. The ice reminds him of former teammates like Patrick Ewing , who used to endure the ritual every night when Houston arrived in New York in 1996. On Sunday afternoon , Houston played 39 minutes in the Knicks ' victory over the Washington Wizards. He will be ready again Tuesday night when the Knicks play host to the Boston Celtics. After off-season arthroscopic surgery on his right knee and a stop-and-start recovery this season , Houston , who will turn 33 in April , can now think about the postseason again and can see himself as a major part of it.
AH , the Yankees , the island of peace -- for today ' s baseball managers. The tremendously calm Joe Torre stands as a beacon of sanity in what was formerly the biggest cuckoo ' s nest in baseball. And this while some of the Yankee manager ' s more celebrated peers are either losing their heads , or having them lopped off. Take Baltimore ' s Davey Johnson , the manager of the winningest team in the American League but one who cannot stay out of harm ' s way. Johnson , on the verge of being fired again , is at his full-blown self-destructive best.
If you were certain your bank was charging you for every service possible , think again. Chase began charging the fee last year , as customers find out when they receive their renewal notices. Box holders who have Chase accounts and who let the bank deduct the safe-deposit box rent directly from their checking accounts do not have to pay the fee; about half the bank ' s safe-deposit boxes , however , are rented by noncustomers. According to Dove Associates , a international management consulting firm in Boston , the cost to banks of mailing invoices to their customers is usually about 50 cents each , including postage.
PATRICK J. FANT acknowledges that the designs on his coffins may not be for everyone. That design , " Fairway to Heaven " is one of 16 that Mr. Fant ' s company , White Light of Dallas , sells to families that want to add some originality to the business of sending loved ones to their eternal rest. One model glimmers with faux stained glass; another portrays the Virgin of Guadalupe with her hands folded in prayer. A third coffin bears the design of an AIDS ribbon , and a fourth resembles a package wrapped in brown paper , complete with a stamped message , " Return to Sender. "
As Kenyon Martin returns to play in New Jersey today for the first time since the Nets let him go in a controversial sign-and-trade with Denver last summer , he carries this distinction: He has had 5 coaches in 13 months. With the Nuggets , Jeff Bzdelik was replaced by the interim coach Michael Cooper , and now Martin is settling in , appreciatively , with George Karl. But it ' s good , we ' re starting to play better now. The fans were terrific to me. " He is trying to get fans involved in Denver the way he did in New Jersey , waving his arm and cupping his ear.
Valhol , the Arkansas Derby winner whose jockey may or may not have used an illegal electrical device during the race , will get to run in the Kentucky Derby after all , although not with the same jockey. , yesterday , Pulaski County Circuit Judge John Plegge ordered the Arkansas Racing Commission to pay Valhol ' s owner , Jim Jackson , the $300 , 000 winner ' s purse from the Arkansas Derby despite arguments by the commission that the Kentucky Derby would be tainted if Valhol ran in the race. Valhol will now have sufficient stakes earnings to qualify for Saturday ' s Kentucky Derby , which is expected to have a full field of 20 horses for its 125th running.
Watch Jimmy Johnson cut a creative swath through his workday and you understand that the new Miami Dolphins coach was paying rapt attention in class when he majored in psychology at the University of Arkansas. Johnson , who coached the Dallas Cowboys to two Super Bowl championships before sitting out the last two seasons , probably faces one of his tougher motivational challenges this season. Riding Dan Marino ' s distinguished right arm , the Dolphins for years have been pesky enough to make the playoffs but have done little more. They have just 149 yards rushing through two exhibition games , including 89 in a 24-21 loss to Chicago on Sunday.
By turning aside 31 shots in a 3-1 victory at Madison Square Garden last night , Rangers goaltender Henrik Lundqvist ended the Devils ' nine-game winning streak , the second longest in franchise history. Lundqvist , 23 , also became the first Rangers rookie to record 20 victories in a season since Mike Richter had 21 in 1990-91. Rangers Coach Tom Renney said the contest against the Devils was " a litmus test. " With a victory in the first game of a five-game homestand , the Rangers ( 28-14-7 ) moved past Buffalo into sole possession of fourth place in the Eastern Conference with 63 points in 49 games.
The Miami Dolphins were in their defensive huddle before the Atlanta Falcons came to the line of the scrimmage today in the game ' s waning seconds , needing 1 yard to possibly force overtime. Safety Brock Marion heard linebacker Zach Thomas say above the din: " Keep your heads up. They ' re not in the end zone yet. Marion said that the unity coming out of that huddle was remarkable as the Dolphins stopped Atlanta fullback Bob Christian short , preserving a 21-14 victory and clinching a playoff spot in front of 73 , 559 at Pro Player Stadium.
DEFYING all the actuarial tables , the older generations are multiplying. Jerry West still plays in the genes of West Virginia , taking the Mountaineers to the 1959 championship game , losing to California by a point , before anybody came up with the names Final Four or Sweet 16. The era of Jerry West ( and Hot Rod Hundley before him , and Rod Thorn after him ) made it difficult for the subsequent generations that did not live up to the standard.  " Jerry is something special , " Beilein was saying yesterday as the Mountaineers prepared to play Texas tonight in the Round of 16 of the N. C. A.
There were only a few spectators in the stands today for the huge military parade on a hilltop here. It did not matter , though.  " Today we are here to show the Americans that we will stand strong against all aggression against Iraq , " said Abdullah Jamin Ahmed , 50 , a retiree with a gray mustache and an AK-47 leaning against his left shoulder. This was not the first parade , in recent months , of the Jerusalem Army , a civilian militia that claims seven million members around Iraq , but it appeared to be the largest.
Hesitant investors awaiting a glimmer of good news in the battered computer sector or an excuse for the Federal Reserve to leave interest rates alone found both late last week , and responded by slamming their hands down on the " buy " button. B. M. ' s $16 billion contract with Dell Computer , and the Labor Department ' s announcement that unemployment had unexpectedly ticked up a bit in February while average wages barely budged. The Dow industrials closed Friday at a new high of 9 , 736. Broader market indexes posted more modest but still healthy gains. Many European and Asian markets rode on Wall Street ' s coattails Friday and finished ahead for the week.
When life is not going so smoothly and people reach for goodies full of fat and sugar , they are doing more than surrendering to cravings. Comfort foods like chocolate cake and ice cream literally blunt the body ' s response to chronic stress , scientists reported last week. Eating calorie-rich food seems to calm the nerves , but eating too much can lead to obesity , depression and more stress. This is the first time it has been shown that the tendency to overeat in the face of chronic stress is biologically driven , said Dr. Norman Pecoraro , a postdoctoral fellow at the University of California at San Francisco who helped carry out the research in rats.
So many contenders entered the final round of the British Open with more experience and more success than Ben Curtis , the eventual champion. When they reflect on what could have been , Tiger Woods , Vijay Singh , Thomas Bjorn , Davis Love III and Sergio García will all wish they could play the final round again. Bjorn started the day with a one-stroke lead , Love was one stroke behind , and Singh , Woods and García trailed by two strokes. 8 , missing a 3-footer for par. He received a huge ovation from the gallery as he walked toward the 18th green , and he was clearly moved.
ROBERT LISCOUSKI left his job as the head of information security at Coca-Cola three months ago to join a start-up. " The pace of work is frenetic , the organization is being built from the ground up , and , like a dot-com in the euphoria years , the new Department of Homeland Security -- the DHS in Mr. Liscouski ' s locution -- will have some serious money to spend. Mr. Liscouski , an assistant secretary at the department , who spoke at a conference last Wednesday , hit a nerve with his analogy. Nothing , of course , will bring back the dot-com heyday.
BARRY ORENSTEIN , an independent market researcher in Lexington , Mass. , has dropped everything and rushed out of his home office a dozen times in recent years to deal with his elderly parents ' emergencies. " said Mr. Orenstein , 61 , who helped care for his ailing father , Harold , for years before his death from congestive heart failure last September. More men are stepping in to care for elderly mothers , fathers and other relatives and are conducting a difficult balancing act between work and home life , according to a new study. Two-thirds of men and women who provide care say their careers have suffered as a result , yet men are far less likely to tell their bosses or co-workers about their role.
Charles R. Schwab , the founder of the Charles Schwab brokerage firm , is in that spot right now. In May 2003 , Mr. Schwab gave up the title of co-chief executive to be a model of the active nonexecutive chairman. Mr. Schwab said then that he had adopted the view of regulators , legislators and others that " it is important in today ' s environment that the positions of C. E. O. and chairman be distinct. " Then , on July 20 , Mr. Schwab demanded the resignation of his hand-picked successor , David S. Pottruck , and reassumed the title of chief executive.
The hand-drawn banner hanging from the upper deck along the left-field line was new to the Metrodome , but the nickname on it was not. Frank Viola , the former Twins pitcher who threw out the ceremonial first pitch tonight , answered to Sweet Music in the late 1980 ' s , after leaving St. John ' s University. But for Game 2 of the American League Championship Series , the banner identified a new one: Rick " Sweet Music " Reed. Pitching with guile and precision control , Reed , a former Met , collected 9 of his team-high 15 victories in the second half to help the Twins overcome injuries to Brad Radke and Joe Mays and win the American League Central.
There are two power centers in Iran. One is the Government , chosen by voters and open to improved relations with the United States. President Clinton was right yesterday to welcome President Mohammed Khatami ' s encouraging call for a dialogue with Washington , but the White House should not mistake the overture as a sign that Iran ' s powerful clerics have endorsed a more peaceful foreign policy. The journey back to normal relations with Iran , if it unfolds at all , will be slow and circuitous. Mr. Khatami , overwhelmingly elected in May by millions of citizens weary of Islamic zealotry , has a more moderate vision for Iran than Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the country ' s religious leader and supreme ruler.
IN some ways , the main trading floor at BlackRock looks more like the cockpit of the Starship Enterprise than the nerve center of one of the industry ' s fastest-growing investment management companies. A small army of studious portfolio managers sits in a vast amphitheater. The managers sit row upon row , hunched over their flickering screens , fiddling with the esoteric financial models that have become BlackRock ' s trademark. No shouts are heard , just the quiet hum of computer terminals. And his new Mr. Spock is Peter R. Fisher , 47 , a former under secretary of the Treasury who joined BlackRock last month , bringing his experience as the federal government ' s top bond trader.
David Cone carried a Yankee cap with him to Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center in Manhattan yesterday for Darryl Strawberry , a cap with Strawberry ' s No. Cone knew that Strawberry had seen the caps on television , but he wanted to give him one remind his teammate just how much he meant to the Yankees. Strawberry underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumor from his colon on Saturday , and Cone and Manager Joe Torre were among a group of Yankees who visited him in the hospital less than 24 hours later. They represented the close-knit team , whose players and coaches had been anxious to see Strawberry and let him know he was in their thoughts as they played on in the post-season without him.
But no one in Kansas or anywhere else is taking this race for granted. Tens of thousands of dollars have been raised , some from out of state , whereas previous board candidates raised only a few hundred dollars. Candidates are taking the unusual step of running television commercials and are printing up leaflets and yard signs by the thousands. Democrats are switching their party affiliation just to vote for school board candidates in the Republican primary. And in what political observers consider extraordinary , Kansas ' s highest-ranking Republicans -- the governor and a United States senator -- have not only weighed in on the races , but have also endorsed opposing candidates in their own party.
Whether he is fairly paid or underpaid , Curt Schilling earns his money. In an era of pitch counts and pitcher pampering , Schilling is the square peg in the round hole. The dean of the Philadelphia Phillies ' attractive young team , Schilling is the reincarnation of Robin Roberts , the team ' s Hall of Fame pitching star of the first half of the 1950 ' s , a player who more often than not completed what he started. Last season , Schilling led the major leagues in pitchers ' blue-collar statistics , working 268 2/3 innings and throwing 4 , 213 pitches , according to Stats Inc. Half of that work was the result of a major league-leading 15 complete games , which matched the most anyone has achieved since Roger Clemens completed 18 starts in 1987.
Derek Jeter does not try to disguise his hitting strategy. He looks for fastballs , whether it is the first inning or the ninth inning , whether he is facing Curt Schilling or Keith Foulke , whether it is the second game in April or the 172nd game in October. Jeter believes that approach enables him to be ready for a heater and to be poised to react to other pitches. If Jeter sees the red seams of the baseball buzzing toward him like a red dot , he knows it is a slider. When Foulke tossed a 3-2 pitch yesterday in the ninth inning of a tie game between the Yankees and the Boston Red Sox , Jeter , as always , was thinking fastball.
For Dick Vermeil , the new coach and general manager of the St. Louis Rams , the day begins at 6 A. M. and ends around midnight. He says he is not sleeping on office couches anymore , but around the National Football League the word is out that Vermeil is already approaching the feverish schedule that drove him from the Philadelphia Eagles 15 years ago , when he was worn out from the long hours , his mind overloaded with facts and numbers and faces. The hot concept these days in the N. F. L. is total control , and Vermeil has it.
Simply , two questions need answering: Is Lennox Lewis done ? And if so , is Hasim Rahman for real ?  " This is about one guy fighting for everything he has and another fighting for everything he wants , " said Mark Taffet , the head of HBO pay-per-view , which is televising the rematch between Rahman and Lewis on Saturday night. The undercard begins at 9 p. m. Eastern time and the main event at about midnight. When they fought in South Africa last April , Rahman shook the boxing world , knocking out Lewis with an overhand right in the fifth round.
Bobby Gonzalez pulled out his best suit for his Madison Square Garden debut and tried his best not to sweat while his Manhattan College basketball team missed 19 of its first 22 shots. In his first season at Manhattan , Gonzalez has to look the part to help shift his reputation from that of a recruiting star to a bench coach. He still is a recruiter , rounding up a solid class in less than a month after taking over a Manhattan program that had been on the decline. On the court , the Jaspers have helped his transition with surprisingly good play.
THE END OF FAITH Religion , Terror , and the Future of Reason. By Sam Harris. $24. 95. Dear old Grandma June. It ' s not often that I see my florid strain of atheism expressed in any document this side of the Seine , but " The End of Faith " articulates the dangers and absurdities of organized religion so fiercely and so fearlessly that I felt relieved as I read it , vindicated , almost personally understood. Sam Harris presents major religious systems like Judaism , Christianity and Islam as forms of socially sanctioned lunacy , their fundamental tenets and rituals irrational , archaic and , important when it comes to matters of humanity ' s long-term survival , mutually incompatible.
There has been a clamor for Giants Coach Jim Fassel to open up the offense and take some unconventional risks as the season winds down. Giants fans may soon be getting their wish. Should the 275-pound Howard Cross , the team ' s starting tight end , end up split wide as a receiver on Sunday , it will not be an attempt by Fassel to be unorthodox , however. In the last several days the Giants have lost the wide receivers David Patten and Joe Jurevicius to knee injuries , and a third receiver , Chris Calloway , is also hobbled by a knee injury , though he is expected to play against the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday.
Ordered to stop the scientific research he thought extremely promising , Shuji Nakamura hid the work from his superiors at a Japanese chemical company. He secretly obtained patents in the company ' s name. Dr. Nakamura ' s mission paid off: his inventions revolutionized the world of consumer electronics. One helped make possible an array of products , from flat-panel computer screens to video billboards to long-lasting , efficient flashlights. Another will make it possible to store 5 to 10 movies on a single DVD-like disk. But in Japan he is more controversial. After it was clear his inventions would make a lot of money , his bosses took them to market without additional compensation for him.
Amid injury and inconsistency , the Knicks were forced to concentrate as they headed into consecutive games against the Chicago Bulls and Minnesota Timberwolves. The result: consecutive victories that impressed their toughest critic.  " Maybe I ' ve underestimated what we ' re going through at times , " said Knicks Coach Jeff Van Gundy , who has occasionally questioned his players ' fire and drive this season. " Van Gundy made those comments before Saturday night ' s 88-79 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves , which gave the Knicks a season-best four-game winning streak as they headed into a three-day break that ends Wednesday night at Boston.
Is Scott Sassa , the president of NBC ' s West Coast division , in so much trouble with the network ' s management that he is about to be fired ? Not at all , say a wide range of senior NBC executives. The officials were put on the defensive last week when The New York Post published an article saying that John F. Welch Jr. , the chairman of General Electric , NBC ' s parent , had criticized Mr. Sassa during a tense senior management meeting last Tuesday. Dismissing the threat to Mr. Sassa , Kassie Canter , the corporate spokeswoman for the network said , " The Post dredged up a six-week-old rumor. "
" ON a winning streak , " Gabe Paul used to say when he was running the streaking New York Yankees , " even the food tastes better. " Nobody has asked Cigar how his food tastes these days , but he has been eating it up with gusto. Citation swept the Triple Crown in 1948 , missed the entire next season with an injury but came back when he was 5 years old and won his 16th straight in his first race. Secretariat swept the Triple Crown , won the Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths and became a legend. Seattle Slew won nine straight races through the Triple Crown.
After centuries of monarchy , foreign occupation , civil war and Taliban tyranny , Hamid Karzai was inaugurated as the country ' s first democratically elected president. Washington , which played a vital role in this welcome transition , sent a high-level delegation , led by Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. But the biggest credit goes to the Afghan people , who braved long lines and threats of Taliban terror in October to have a say in their political future. But their hopes won ' t be fulfilled until Afghanistan has an elected parliament as well. Parliamentary elections , which were originally supposed to be held at the same time as the presidential vote , have repeatedly been postponed.
Seamus Heaney still remembers that day in 1968 when the shy 16-year-old stood before him , a small , cherubic boy from a modest family , with a wash of wild , curly hair framing his face. The boy , Paul Muldoon , had just been introduced to Mr. Heaney , the poet , by his high school English teacher at a reading in Armagh in Northern Ireland. /The ewe licked clean ochre and lake/But you would not move. /Better dead than sheep. "  " Perhaps you can tell me where I went wrong ? " Mr. Heaney wrote back. "
American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES -- Placed OF Jay Gibbons on the 15-day DL , retroactive to May 26. CLEVELAND INDIANS -- Announced the resignation of Tom Burns , director of public relations and marketing for Buffalo of the IL , effective June 12. MINNESOTA TWINS -- Activated C Joe Mauer from the 15-day DL. Optioned 1B Justin Morneau to Rochester of the IL. YANKEES -- Placed OF Kenny Lofton on the 15-day DL , retroactive to May 27. Recalled RHP Bret Prinz from Columbus of the IL. OAKLAND ATHLETICS -- Placed 3B Eric Chavez on the 15-day DL. SEATTLE MARINERS -- Optioned RHP Gil Meche to Tacoma of the PCL.
The Jets peeked at the scoreboard today , and when was the last time they did that in November ? They watched as Miami and New England lost , and sole possession of first place in the American Football Conference East became available. The Jets had not held it this late in the season since 1986. On a day when drenching rain chased thousands of fans to an early exit , all the Jets needed against the Baltimore Ravens was to hold on to a 16-9 lead through the fourth quarter. In the locker room a few minutes later , Parcells cautioned his 6-3 Jets that they must now learn how to handle a different kind of pressure: that of holding on to first place.
American League CHICAGO WHITE SOX -- Traded RHP Luis Andujar and RHP Allen Halley to the Toronto Blue Jays for LHP Tony Castillo and INF Domingo Cedeno. Announced the termination of their affiliation with South Bend of the Midwest League at the end of this season. SEATTLE MARINERS -- Signed OF Claudio Liverziani to a minor-league contract. National League PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES -- Agreed to terms with 2B Mickey Morandini on a three-year contract. National Basketball Association PHILADELPHIA 76ERS -- Signed C-F Michael Cage. National Football League CHARLOTTE PANTHERS -- Waived WR Reggie Jones. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS -- Released K Bjorn Nittmo.
President Bush agreed today to begin negotiations in the United Nations Security Council to authorize a multinational force for Iraq but insisted that the troops be placed under American command , according to senior administration officials. It also amounts to one of the most significant changes in strategy since the end of major combat in Iraq. The White House acted just as a new Congressional study showed that the Army lacked the active-duty troops to keep the current occupation force in Iraq past March , without getting extra help from either other services and reserves or from other nations , or without spending tens of billions to vastly expand its size.
Consider what the average boss is up against these days. Rapid growth and mergers and acquisitions are roiling corporate America , creating management headaches that must be handled with some old-fashioned command-and-control leadership. After all , to wring out inefficiencies and cut costs , companies have to make sure things are done a certain way. At the same time , managers are increasingly expected to accommodate the particular work styles of their employees. Otherwise , they are reminded over and over , their valued workers may leave for a competitor that better understands the intangible side of running a business. In an age of so-called talent shortages , on top of an overall employee shortage , many productive workers see themselves increasingly as free agents who can take advantage of the seller ' s market for their skills.
Randi Wittlin-Weiss died young , at 40.  " I said that to me , she was as much a hero as the police officers and firefighters that are heroes now to everyone else , " Mr. Weiss said the day after his wife was buried in the Beth Moses Cemetery on Long Island. " Ms. Wittlin-Weiss , a former marketing executive and stay-at-home mother , was killed not by terrorists but by breast cancer. She died on Oct. 6 , after five and a half years of illness , and after saying goodbye to her two sons , Roy , 9 , and Gil , 5.
An additional 407 ethnic Albanians , among more than a million pushed out of their homes in Kosovo by Serbian security forces , arrived at this training camp turned immigration center today. Some hobbled down the steps of the blue-and-white Boeing 747 charter plane that brought them here , and a toddler burst into tears upon seeing an American soldier on the runway. Most of the refugees who arrived today , like the first group of 453 Kosovar Albanians who arrived Wednesday , are beginning a lonely journey. Serb forces stripped many Albanians of their identity documents before expelling them and threatened them with death if they return to their homes , the refugees here said.
Jason Kidd is returning to San Antonio on Wednesday , and he cannot even be sure that one of his favorite restaurants , Rosario ' s Mexican Cafe , will embrace him anymore. In July , he was treated to a free-agent recruiting bonanza , led by Spurs Coach Gregg Popovich , and chauffeured by the league ' s most valuable player , Tim Duncan. Kidd spurned the Spurs and re-signed with the Nets for six years and $103 million. When Kidd is introduced at the SBC Center , he will probably hear exactly what San Antonio thought of his decision.
How about Atlanta ? Since a bruising fare war in the summer of 1992 , airlines have been steadily raising ticket prices for travelers , typically business people , who fly during the workweek on short notice. The increases have hit particularly hard the smaller companies that lack the clout to negotiate discounts with airlines. The average round-trip business fare climbed to $820 in January from $442 in May 1992 , an 86 percent jump , according to American Express Travel , which compiles an index of typical business fares. Over the last year alone , the fares have gone up 28 percent , and just last Friday , airlines raised fares an average of 4 percent.
Years later , the promoter of the event , Boyd Browning , confided to me: " Renee , I am so glad you lost that final to Chrissie. I don ' t know what would have happened in Seattle if you had won. " In September 1979 , I won the United States Open 35-and-over title at Flushing Meadows over Nancy Richey , who will be inducted in the International Tennis Hall of Fame in July. The leading players of the senior women ' s tour voiced significant opposition to my participation. RENEE RICHARDS New York
Larry Brown , whose dream job of coaching the Knicks turned into a nightmare last season and led to a hiatus from the N. B. A. , resurfaced with the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday , looking relaxed , offering a smile and saying that he had no immediate plans to return to coaching. Brown met with reporters in a formal setting for the first time since the Knicks dismissed him last June. His new title , announced Saturday , is executive vice president of the 76ers , who have the worst record ( 9-24 ) in the Eastern Conference. And I was always treated great here , so I just want to contribute in any way I can. "
Derek Jeter , who has a sore back , a sore right shoulder and a strained left hamstring , no longer stands for postgame interviews. Jeter is not fine. Neither are the Yankees. Not after Randy Johnson dominated the Yankees to power the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 4-0 victory and a 2-0 lead in the World Series. Johnson pitched a three-hitter in a dominant performance and forced the Yankees to mutter after numerous at-bats and grouse about close pitches. While Jeter shook his head after some calls by the umpire Mark Hirschbeck , Scott Brosius screamed at Hirschbeck from the dugout and the usually stoical Bernie Williams tossed his batting gloves onto the field in disgust , the Yankees should have been angry at themselves.
It is not easy to find the upside in a 6-3 loss , but Coach Butch Goring of the Islanders tried hard to accentuate the positives after his team was beaten tonight by the Florida Panthers. We ' re going to play with energy and we ' re going to play hard and we ' re going to do it regardless of the score. " His overview of tonight ' s game before 14 , 342 at the National Car Rental Center was simple: the young Islanders , missing the experienced defensemen Rich Pilon and Jamie Heward with injuries , were overwhelmed early , had several bad shift changes and played sloppily at their end of the ice.
A jury here has assessed punitive damages of more than $760 million against five oil and chemical companies for injuries suffered by workers building the Stealth fighter at the Lockheed Corporation , lawyers involved in the case said today. The decision by the Los Angeles County Superior Court jury followed a finding that the companies had not provided adequate warning about the toxic effects of chemicals like solvents that were used in the manufacture of the radar-evading aircraft in the 1960 ' s , 1970 ' s and 1980 ' s. 4 million in compensatory damages against the companies , levied punitive damages of $252.
They slapped hands , smiled and exhaled , accepting their gold medals as incentives for the real thing next summer in Greece. Roy Williams stood to the side Sunday and watched the players on the United States men ' s basketball team celebrate after they thrashed Argentina to win the Americas Olympic qualifying tournament in San Juan , P. R. 5 winning percentage at Kansas and new job at North Carolina make him one of the most visible college basketball coaches in the country , was under the radar the last three weeks as an assistant to Coach Larry Brown. The two are longtime friends whose coaching roots at North Carolina and Kansas are intertwined.