The economy regained momentum at the end of 2006 , pulling out of a midyear slowdown as gas prices fell and Americans reached into their wallets with renewed confidence. The government said yesterday that its broadest and best-known measure of economic growth , the gross domestic product , advanced at an annual rate of 3. Spending by consumers -- on things like food and visits to the doctor -- gave the economy the biggest lift. Spending by the federal government , particularly on the military , also added a significant increase. At the same time , goods and services exported to foreign countries increased , helping shrink the nation ' s trade deficit.
And so , apparently , are the Mets. In his final start before the regular season begins , Leiter tossed five scoreless innings here in the Mets ' 4-0 victory over the Baltimore Orioles. After starting the spring with a 1-5 mark , the Mets are 17-6-1 in their last 24 exhibition games for an overall record of Take Tim Spehr , for instance. A career backup , he will almost certainly be the starting catcher on opening day Tuesday against the Phillies at Shea Stadium. In his major league career , Spehr has nine home runs. 233 hitter he has been in 1 , 509 minor league at-bats.
IT may appear to many investors that the sharp rebound in Brazilian stocks and bonds has passed them by. The stock market , in local terms , is up 71 percent this year and is almost back to its last peak in March 1998. Prices in the bond market have jumped , as the yields , which move in the opposite direction , have plunged. The yield on Brazil ' s benchmark long-term bond maturing in 2027 is down to 12. Analysts and money managers , though , say there is still much more to make on a investment in Brazil.
Blaine Wilson continued to dominate his sport with a mesmerizing performance tonight as the Olympic trials opened with the men ' s preliminary competition at the Fleet Center , but his mentor , 30-year-old John Roethlisberger , is in danger of losing his bid for a third Olympic team. Roethlisberger ended the first night of the two-day competition in seventh place. To be sure of making the team , a gymnast has to be in the top four from the combined results of the trials and the nationals held in July. Roethlisberger slipped in the floor exercise and fell from the high bar.
Carin Koch of Sweden shot a four-under 68 yesterday to take a one-stroke lead over Laura Davies of England after the second round of the YourLife Vitamins L. P. G. A. Mi Hyun Kim had the day ' s low round of 67 to join her fellow South Korean Se Ri Pak ( 68 ) and two others at 139. Twelve more players finished within five strokes of the lead in the first tournament of 2001. RARE LEADER BOARD APPEARANCE: Lee Porter took a two-stroke lead in the weather-delayed Tucson Open yesterday , shooting a seven-under-par 65 in the second round.
As traditional airlines obsess over the threat posed by low-cost carriers like Southwest Airlines and JetBlue , the chief executive of Northwest Airlines , Richard H. Anderson , has ruled out starting one. In a rebuttal of Northwest ' s closest rivals , Mr. Anderson on Wednesday warned that major airlines would cannibalize their existing businesses if they fly discount carriers on similar routes. Mr. Anderson said he would focus instead on lowering the price of tickets at Northwest , the nation ' s fourth-largest airline , by cutting labor and infrastructure costs.  " We believe that we need low costs across our networks and Northwest has no intention of and has never had at one time or another contemplated or started a low-cost carrier , " he said in an interview here , where he has come for a meeting of the International Air Transport Association.
The United States Ski Team yesterday announced the 14-member freestyle team expected to compete at the Salt Lake City Olympic Games next month , a group with five former Olympians , including the defending gold medalists Jonny Moseley in the moguls and Eric Bergoust in aerials. Clearly , however , the American team hopes that Cook will be ready for the opening day of the women ' s aerials competition , Feb. 16 in Park City , Utah. Over all , seven men and seven women were selected for the team; eight are mogul skiers and six are aerialists. Selections were based on international results this season , using an intricate formula that especially rewarded top finishes in World Cup competitions.
Q: Teenagers are behaving better these days -- less drugs and crime , fewer pregnancies. But the ratio of threats to violence is so low that we need to be certain that we ' re evaluating situations and not merely words. What Mosaic-2000 hopes to do is reduce instances where people overreact on the basis of one indicator. We look for literally hundreds of factors that are indicators of violence -- has the student experienced victimization in the past 18 months and how did he try to stop it ? Mosaic has not been designed to catch bad guys. Sixty percent of students polled in high schools wanted metal detectors.
TEAMS TO WATCH: Drexel , Hofstra , Maine. COMMENTS: Life after Speedy Claxton , the Hofstra star who now belongs to the 76ers , begins with what should be fierce competition among the top five teams. 9 points , 9. 2 points , 7. Hofstra could earn a second straight trip to the National Collegiate Athletic Association tourney. TEAMS TO WATCH: Massachusetts , Xavier , Temple. PLAYERS TO WATCH: SirValiant Brown , G , George Washington; Quincy Wadley , G , Temple; Bevon Robin , G , Fordham. COMMENTS: The conference is in a down cycle , leaving guard play to determine the winners and also-rans.
They are the victims of the recent wave of layoffs in the high-technology industry , and many of them cannot believe how clumsy their former employers were in delivering the bad news. The pink slip telling him his job was eliminated days earlier was waiting for him in a FedEx envelope sent by Organic Inc. , an Internet consultant in San Francisco. Mr. Mannion said he had recently turned down a lucrative offer from a competitor before he was dismissed. An Organic spokeswoman said the company had not made the decision to lay off people lightly and acknowledged that employees " may feel pain or anger as a result. "
A love affair isn ' t supposed to begin with a thud , but it did for 5-year-old Jennifer Grandenetti when she fell off the first horse she got on , a gigantic Clydesdale. The arm six times , a cracked pelvis , a skull fracture and compressed disks in her neck. Certainly , there will be one on Saturday , when Jennifer Leigh-Pedersen leads a colt named Griffinite to the grass paddock area at Pimlico Race Course and becomes only the ninth female trainer to saddle a horse in the 126 years of the Preakness Stakes. For the past two years , the owner of Griffinite , Ernie Paragallo , has relied on Leigh-Pedersen to foal , break , train and , well , run the 250 horses at his farm , Paraneck Stallions at Center Brook in Climax , N. Y.
Edgar Alfonzo spoke about the 44-year absence of professional baseball in Brooklyn and then spoke with reverence about managing the team that will end that drought , the Mets ' Class A Brooklyn Cyclones. Alfonzo , the older brother of the Mets ' talented second baseman , Edgardo Alfonzo , was named manager of the New York-Penn League team yesterday. He managed the Mets ' Class A Kingsport team to a 35-32 record last year in his first season as a manager at any level. Like any true manager in the Mets ' organization , Alfonzo is focused on developing his young players and on beating the Yankees.
 " Not exactly the atmosphere of a major international airport , is it ? " said Burkhard Kieker , an official at the Berlin Airport Authority , which runs all three of this city ' s airports , nodding ruefully at the adjacent departures hall , where perhaps half a dozen people were waiting for flights to such nearby destinations as Münster and Osnabrück. Mr. Kieker was explaining why the Airport Authority and the city-state of Berlin have , after long deliberation and much protest , decided to close down Tempelhof , thereby bringing to an end one of the longest and most important stories in aviation history.
OPENING STATEMENT I also had the opportunity to talk to Prime Minister Sharon , who... advised me that whatever actions they might decide to take , it would not include bringing any harm to Chairman Arafat or killing him , and subsequent statements by Israeli officials suggest that it is not their intention either to capture him.... Prime Minister Sharon in recent weeks showed a great deal of flexibility with respect to conditions he had previously held to with respect to what it would take to get into the Tenet work plan. The vice president paid a trip to the region and was prepared to see Chairman Arafat if circumstances had permitted.
A week ago , the pressing issue in Tony ' s Dungy ' s football life was whether his Indianapolis Colts would remain undefeated. Earlier this month , during a West Coast swing , Richardson learned that his brother Lee had been shot to death on the South Side of Chicago. On Thursday , Dungy , one of the most respected coaches in professional football , learned that his 18-year-old son , James , had died. Dr. Joan S. Ingalls , a sports counselor in New York , says that grieving takes many forms in sports.  " Sport counselors see grieving , and I think it is different because athletes do consider the impact on their fans and the general public of their grieving , " Ingalls wrote in an e-mail message yesterday. "
Illustrated. : $26. Those who excel at pushing the envelope -- chess masters , Olympic athletes , Washington tax lawyers , everyone it seems but contemporary poets -- are generously rewarded with riches and sometimes even public esteem. Judging from his new book , " Faster Than the Speed of Light: The Story of a Scientific Speculation , " this is an opinion with which he would readily agree. Consider the horizon problem , a staple of popular science books. Look out ( with a suitably powerful telescope ) at a galaxy 10 billion light-years away. They differ in detail , of course -- this galaxy here , that constellation there -- but in the most general sense , creation appears to be homogeneous.
SEPTEMBER is usually a slow month for tourism in Florida. But this year , after three deadly hurricanes have hammered the state , and with another threatening , tourists are really scarce. The trolleys and trams have very few people on them. Ms. Culver-Aversa and others in Florida ' s $51 billion tourist business -- the state ' s leading industry -- had been expecting a banner year as the state recovered from a sharp decline in travel in the seasons after the terrorist attacks in 2001. Now the industry ' s fortunes are in doubt again after five weeks of frightening headlines and pictures of palm-tree-flailing winds that made the state look like a set for a horror movie.
Iraq carried out its threat to expel American weapons inspectors today , rebuffing every diplomatic attempt to resolve the impasse and propelling the Clinton Administration closer to a military response. President Clinton denounced Iraq ' s action , but he stopped short once again of ordering military retaliation despite repeated warnings to Iraq not to defy the United Nations. At the United Nations , in a resolution passed late tonight , the Security Council condemned the expulsion " in the strongest terms " and warned Iraq of unspecified " serious consequences " if it failed to reverse its decision immediately. The expulsion of the Americans , which Saddam Hussein put into force within a day of a unanimous Security Council vote aimed at compelling him to back down , forced the Administration to scramble to build support for punishing Iraq further.
Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged today that his government was facing a tough time at home and abroad but asserted that he still thought Britain was right to go to war in Iraq and insisted he would forge ahead with an ambitious domestic agenda. Mr. Blair ' s popularity has suffered as none of the unconventional weapons whose menace was cited as a reason for war have turned up and as front page charges that his government embellished intelligence to lead Britain into an unpopular war have emerged daily in the judicial inquiry into the suicide of the weapons expert David Kelly.
But times have changed and now stock analysts and investors are concerned that you may not be able to regain your lost luster. No , you ' re not General Motors in the 1970 ' s , International Business Machines in the late 80 ' s or even McDonald ' s. You ' re J. P. Morgan , and the clock is ticking. Although it has made strides , shifting from a stodgy commercial bank to an investment bank competing with Wall Street ' s titans , that transformation has yet to pay off. In the meantime , Morgan ' s stock price has sorely underperformed those of its peers in commercial and investment banking.
Reports of the scale of the carnage in the United States sobered reactions across the Middle East today. Although some Arabs said they hoped that the toll would provoke a hard assessment by the United States of its policies in the region , others braced for possible retaliation. There were also widespread calls for the United States to examine closely what inspires fringe elements to undertake such diabolical acts against American targets. The general consensus was that unquestioned backing for Israel against Palestinians and uncritical support for autocratic Arab governments would continue to inspire new attacks against the United States.  " Terrorism will not disappear if one terrorist or 10 terrorists are arrested , " Jihad al-Khazzen wrote in his column in Al Hayat , an Arabic daily in London. "
Since it bought YouTube last October , Google has been chasing deals that would give it the right to put mainstream video programming on the site. Now Google has hit a wall. Viacom , the parent company of MTV , Nickelodeon and Comedy Central , filed a wide-ranging lawsuit against Google on Tuesday , accusing it of " massive copyright infringement. " Viacom said it was seeking more than $1 billion in damages and an injunction prohibiting Google and YouTube from committing further infringement. 65 billion that Google paid for YouTube , the complaint said that " YouTube deliberately built up a library of infringing works to draw traffic to the YouTube site , enabling it to gain a commanding market share , earn significant revenues and increase its enterprise value. "
A German publisher has started a glossy magazine on a topic intimately familiar to many Americans: divorce. Mike H. Neumann , the magazine ' s editor , said the title was suggested by his business partner ' s 21-year-old son , who had seen the 1989 movie " The War of the Roses " that starred Michael Douglas and Kathleen Turner as a divorcing couple. The magazine will be published every two months and will focus on issues like alimony , finances , therapy and dating. Mr. Neumann and his business partner , Marion von Gratkowski , first had the idea eight years ago ( a similar magazine , called Divorce , began publishing in Toronto in 1996 ) , but have responded now to the divorce rate in Germany , which the government says has been climbing in recent years.
Alex Woodley , who coached and mentored many Olympic gold-medal sprinters in the 1960 ' s and 1970 ' s as head of the Philadelphia Pioneer Club , died on Saturday at his home in Philadelphia. Woodley ' s athletes who won Olympic gold medals included Paul Drayton , Steve Riddick , Charlie Greene , Mel Pender , Herman Frazier and Hasely Crawford. Other leading athletes from the club included John Carlos , Ivory Crockett , Curtis Mills , Edwin Roberts , Tom McLean and Benn Fields. In an era when meet directors often gave modest appearance fees , which were illegal , to white track and field athletes , few black athletes so benefited.
Remember when dynasties ruled the National Football League ? And the National Football Conference dominated its counterpart , causing league executives , players and the sports media to wonder when the American Conference would ever win another Super Bowl ? From 1985 to 1997 , the N. F. C. won 13 consecutive Super Bowls , humiliating the A. F. C. and causing football to wonder what needed to be done to end the streak and make the Super Bowl more competitive. Free agency among players , a rigid salary cap and movement among head coaches forever changed the landscape of professional football.
Brown 2002 RECORD -- 2-8 ( 2-5 Ivy League ) KEY PLAYERS -- QB Kyle Slager , LB Andrew Gallagher , RB Brent Grinna OUTLOOK -- There is reason for optimism this year. The Bears return Slager , who may be due for another record breaking season , but they lost 16 starters. The schedule is tough after an opening game against Albany , with consecutive games against Harvard , Rhode Island and Fordham. Before last season , the Bears had won more games over the last five years than any other Ivy League team. Columbia 2002 RECORD -- 1-9 ( 0-7 Ivy League ) KEY PLAYERS -- P Nick Rudd , LB Chris Carey , QB Steve Hunsberger OUTLOOK -- Columbia lost its final nine games last season , costing Coach Ray Tellier his job.
The commotion that accompanied the first few months of Adu ' s career with D. C. United and Major League Soccer has subsided , a bit. On Saturday night at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford , N. J. , before the fourth-largest crowd for a MetroStars game in club history , Adu scored the only goal in United ' s victory. Minutes later , Adu jostled with defender Chris Leitch along the sideline. Adu and the MetroStars ' Mike Magee earned yellow cards. Adu ' s adjustment to the professional game has been rocky at times. At the start of the season , United Coach Peter Nowak had Adu sharing time at striker with Alecko Eskandarian , then he shifted Adu to attacking midfielder as Eskandarian found his scoring touch.
" There are fewer people flying , and they ' re paying less per person , " and that trend is here to stay , Michael J. Boyd , an aviation consultant , told an industry conference on Monday. In case the significance of that simple statement did not quite register on the roomful of industry representatives gathered for the Aviation Forecast Conference , Mr. Boyd put it another way. The conference was sponsored by Mr. Boyd ' s company , the Boyd Group of Colorado. Among the changes coming as the airlines adapt to a new world environment , Mr. Boyd and other industry experts said , are these:
President Bush has reneged on his promises to Katrina ' s victims. Shamefully , the president has chosen the interests of bureaucracy over those of American towns on the brink of failure. At least part of the problem is a law that requires states to contribute 10 percent of the cost of most federally financed reconstruction projects. Mr. Bush waived that requirement after the Sept. 11 attacks ( as his father did after Hurricanes Andrew and Iniki ) but he refuses to do so for the Gulf Coast. A law written to deal with isolated tornadoes does not fit the total devastation of an entire region , and particularly the drowning of a major city like New Orleans.
Hundreds of American-led forces are hunting for Al Qaeda holdouts in Afghanistan , although two senior Afghan commanders whose troops also joined six raids in the past three weeks said today that only two suspects had been detained and none killed so far. As hundreds more coalition troops have been sent into the rolling hills and craggy mountains of eastern Afghanistan , an Afghan intelligence official said Osama bin Laden himself had been spotted twice in recent weeks just over the border in the tribal areas of Pakistan. In Washington , Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld discounted such reports. Indeed , intelligence seems spotty and unreliable , according to the senior Afghan commanders , who noted that the raids over the past three weeks have yielded only a trove of weapons and ammunition , and no dead Qaeda soldiers.
But in its third edition , the women ' s tournament has an advantage that ESPN and ABC can relish: the United States team is arguably the world ' s best and is a favorite to win. There are no tales of the United States women ' s team struggling to meet the talent levels of the Brazilian , Argentine , German or Italian teams. All these are irresistible elements for American television , providing an opportunity to drape itself in patriotism as NBC did with the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. America will fall in love with these women. All 32 games will be carried , starting with Saturday ' s United States-Denmark match at 3 P. M. Eastern , on ABC , followed by Brazil-Mexico on ESPN at 5:30 P. M. , China-Sweden at 8 P. M. on ESPN2 and Japan-Canada at 10:30 P. M. on ESPN2.
THE new-issues market , which earlier this year resembled a scene out of the Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis auction , with overenthusiastic buyers bidding prices up to astonishing heights , now looks more like a rummage sale. Some investors are turning up their noses and shopping elsewhere , while others , sharp-eyed , are rooting around for bargains. Some 851 companies have gone public this year , through Dec. 18 , according to Securities Data Company , and that record-breaking number excludes closed-end mutual funds and real estate investment trusts. Over all , nearly $49 billion has been raised in capital for newly public businesses.
The United States economy is finally getting stronger , but there seems to be one unsettling weakness: the apparent wholesale flight of technology jobs like computer programming and technical support to lower-cost nations , led by India. The trend is typically described in ungainly terms -- as " offshore outsourcing " or " offshoring. " But that rhetorical hurdle has done nothing to lessen the recent public debate and expressions of angst over this kind of job migration. And a proposed bill in New Jersey would restrict the use of offshore workers by companies doing work for the state. Forrester Research , a technology consulting firm , published a report this month pointing out that the movement abroad is only gradual.
If information is power , then most employees who enter salary negotiations are holding pea shooters while the boss is encased in a Kevlar vest. Unless someone left a spreadsheet of the company ' s salaries on the copier ( funny how often that does happen ) , most employees have precious little ammunition going into a meeting to talk about their pay. A few Web sites try to level the playing field by providing more detailed information about salaries. com began revealing the results of salary surveys on its site in 1999. com is now challenging it by gathering information directly from the people who search for data.
Eddie George was a senior tailback at Fork Union Military Academy in Virginia when it was time for star players to choose their colleges. Georgia Tech had just won the national championship. The Giants ( 6-3 ) will have no trouble finding George on Sunday when they play the Oilers ( 4-5 ) at the Liberty Bowl in Memphis. And that is what best describes Edward Nathan George: a young man with tremendous heart. His unbeaten Buckeyes team played its regular-season finale at Michigan and lost. I learned that every dog has its day. The Oilers are a young team in transition.
NORMALLY , Disney World is the triumphant final destination for the winning Super Bowl quarterback. But here the Jets are , beginning the season at the rainbow ' s end. Is this some kind of omen ? They won ' t be in the playoffs , but they won ' t be an embarrassment. " Depending on who you ask , the Jets ' undefeated preseason means absolutely nothing or at best creates an atmosphere of winning. No. Yes. " For long-suffering Jets fans even the smallest step forward is something to cheer. The Jets hadn ' t finished a preseason with an undefeated record since December of ' 92 , though in the Alice ' s Adventures in Wonderland world of Jets football , you can ' t draw conclusions.
The huge Oriole right-hander had ignited Tuesday night ' s commotion by firing a fastball into the upper back of Tino Martinez , the Yankee slugger , after Bernie Williams had fired a three-run homer into the upper deck. Alan Mills , another Oriole pitcher , got two games for punching Darryl Strawberry , who got three games for leading the charge out of the Yankee dugout. Graeme Lloyd also got three games for barreling out of the Yankee bullpen to join the melee along with his bullpen buddy , Jeff Nelson , who got two games. Benitez was reportedly fined $2 , 000 , Strawberry and Lloyd $1 , 000 each , Nelson and Mills $500 each -- what amounts to tip money for millionaires.
After carving out its niche as the the No. 1 maker of Internet communications equipment , Cisco Systems Inc. is taking on another medium by introducing its first national television campaign. A series of four television commercials , created by Goldberg Moser O ' Neill in San Francisco , Cisco ' s agency since 1992 , takes a winsome , humanistic approach in an effort to expand its consumer audience , demystify technology , communicate the power of the Internet and emphasize Cisco as an Internet leader. The spots , which carry the theme , " Empowering the Internet generation , " are scheduled to begin Aug. 24 in several major cities in the United States and will be expanded later across North America.
American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Announced a two-year affiliation agreement with Ottawa of the IL. CHICAGO WHITE SOX--Announced the resignation of Ron Schueler , senior vice president/special consultant to the chairman. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Placed C Jason LaRue on the 15-day disabled list. Announced a two-year player development contract with Potomac of the Carolina League. Announced they did not renew the contracts of Brian Conley , hitting coach for Dayton of the Midwest League; Ted Power , pitching coach for Dayton; Derek Botelho , pitching coach for Chattanooga of the Southern League; Luis Quinones , hitting coach for the Gulf Coast Reds; and , Pat Brester , minor league strength and conditioning coordinator.
Since it was formed in 1988 , The Onion , the satirical weekly newspaper based in Madison , Wis. , has reveled in its contempt for the Coasts , spoofing middle America while avoiding covering trendy Coast-driven culture. This month , The Onion moved its editorial headquarters to Manhattan , with plans to publish its free weekly newspaper in New York , starting in July. The staff also plans to open a San Francisco office this summer with publication to begin next year. The company is continuing an expansion that over the last few years has included book contracts , merchandising deals , a syndicated radio show and sales of film rights to Hollywood.
A conciliatory Dave Checketts acknowledged yesterday that he had met with Phil Jackson nearly six weeks ago , after denying on Sunday that he had met with the former Bulls coach for exploratory talks about potentially coming to the Knicks. Checketts , the Madison Square Garden president , also said that he talked with the Knicks ' coach , Jeff Van Gundy , earlier in the day and apologized to him for making misleading statements about meeting with Jackson. But he also did not quell the speculation surrounding Van Gundy ' s status as coach , saying he and Van Gundy agreed to discuss the matter after the season.
Every Friday night , only hours after a new film has opened across the country , the faxes pile up in the offices of nervous studio executives and producers detailing the box-office grosses of the movie. " By Friday at 11 P. M. we have a pretty good idea of how a film is going to do for that weekend , " said Jeff Blake , president of Sony Pictures Releasing. " A studio film , opening nationally , that takes in at least $10 million at the box office is considered successful. " The First Wives Club , " produced by Paramount Pictures , grossed an unexpectedly high $18.
After years of political unrest , including an abortive coup in 2002 , last year Venezuelans agreed to resolve their differences through peaceful electoral means. As they struggle over whether there is to be a recall vote , President Hugo Chávez and the opposition parties need to abide by their commitment to democracy. Venezuela ' s Constitution provides for a presidential recall election if it is demanded by 20 percent of the electorate , some 2. Late last year , Chávez opponents submitted petitions with 3. 4 million signatures. Last week , Venezuela ' s electoral council ruled that only 1.
The chairman of a Senate panel investigating Enron warned White House officials today that they might face subpoenas for information on their contacts with Enron executives unless the administration demonstrated it was moving toward compliance with earlier informal requests. Senator Joseph I. Lieberman , the Connecticut Democrat who heads the Committee on Governmental Affairs , told the White House counsel Alberto R. Gonzales that administration officials appeared to have taken " few , if any , concrete steps " to respond to questions posed by the panel in March about contacts White House officials had with Enron. Mr. Lieberman , who made the comments in a letter to Mr. Gonzales today , has been pressing the White House over its ties to Enron , which was a major contributor to President Bush during three political campaigns.
Our quality control specialists found defects in more of the computer chips streaming off our factory lines. Customers continued to flee. On a final note , our chief executive entered a drug-and-alcohol treatment program , which has put some important initiatives on hold. If a company were having such woes , surely investors would want to know. Yet , they now have almost no chance of finding such juicy revelations in a company ' s annual report. The rule makers , members of the Financial Accounting Standards Board , say that companies could better serve shareholders by reporting information that goes far beyond the accounting ledgers.
BASED on all the hoo-ha , one may think that the shocks from California ' s power crisis will soon loose the state from the North American land mass. Since Dec. 21 , when it hit a six-month low , the Bloomberg California Index , comprising 594 companies based in the Golden State , is up nearly 14 percent. It is not nice to have the lights go out in the office , but most public California companies are not parochial operations. Conrad Herrmann , manager of the $2. 8 billion Franklin Templeton California Growth fund , took time last week to talk about the power crisis and California stocks.
Bretton Barber , a high school junior in Dearborn Heights , Mich. , who is deeply interested in civil liberties , knew what to do when he was sent home from school on Feb. 17 for wearing a T-shirt with a picture of President Bush and the words " International Terrorist. " First , he called the American Civil Liberties Union. Next he went on the Internet to re-read a Supreme Court case from 1969 , Tinker v. Des Moines , that supported students ' freedom of expression. Mr. Barber is steeped in civil liberties law , so his talk with the principal , Judith Coebly , revolved around the Tinker case , which dealt with students who wore black armbands to protest the Vietnam War.
Concerns about Japan and signs of a slowdown in the United States sent Treasury prices higher yesterday. The price of the 30-year Treasury bond rose 12/32 , to 107 31/32. The bond ' s yield , which moves in the opposite direction from the price , fell to 5. 60 percent Thursday , matching the low set on June 15 -- the lowest it has been since the Government began regular sales of securities in 1977. Most of yesterday ' s gains came from overnight weakness in the Japanese yen compared with the dollar , amid speculation that Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto of Japan was not promising permanent tax cuts.
IT is a tiny company that has toiled for 14 years on the technological frontier of electric vehicles , but it has yet to turn a profit. But some may want to hear more when they learn that it has recently hooked a partner who surely knows a thing or two about transportation: Lee A. Iacocca. The company , Unique Mobility Inc. of Golden , Colo. , is intriguing in other ways. Competitors praise the quality of its electric motors. Most important , the company has adopted a practical strategy: Instead of focusing on electric cars , it concentrates on electric bicycles and scooters and the like , because it believes they offer a quicker path to commercial viability.
Mr. Bollinger , 33 , an accountant at an interior design firm , had an idea -- turning his hobby of making all-natural soaps into a full-time enterprise -- but he lacked money to get the business off the ground and out of his kitchen. Mr. Bollinger ' s offer of eight bars of his soap was accepted , and he had a deal. Since that first fateful transaction in April , Mr. Bollinger has traded his soap for things like soapmaking equipment and the design of the logo , packaging and Web features for his fledgling company , Dirt Bag Soap.
Phase II will come at the end of the coming season , when they actually sign him as a free agent. What stirred people to conspiratorial conversation was the Diamondbacks ' signing of Andy Benes , a free-agent pitcher , who with his agent was in a bit of a bind. The Diamondbacks , the whispering went , bailed out Boras by signing Benes to a three-year , $18 million contract , and in return Boras will deliver Williams after he completes a one-year contract with the Yankees. Jerry Colangelo , the expansion team ' s managing partner , and Boras both denied it.
Sergeant Bucklew was one of the 16 soldiers killed when a missile tore a troop transport helicopter out of the sky. The news was almost too much to bear for a family already heartbroken and for a base that seems to be paying a steep price for the occupation in Iraq. Though not a single soldier from Fort Carson was killed during the invasion of Iraq , more than 20 have died since President Bush declared an end to major combat hostilities on May 1. Four Fort Carson soldiers were killed in Sunday ' s helicopter crash alone.  " It was a pretty tragic day in the regiment , " Lt. Col. Tony Aguto , executive officer with the Third Armored Cavalry , wrote on Sunday in an e-mail message to The Colorado Springs Gazette.
IT is fair to say that technology investors have high expectations about the future growth of companies in their portfolios. But I bet that those companies have almost no chance of meeting those optimistic expectations. It all comes down to the issue of whether huge growth rates can be sustained. Consider a star of the new economy , Cisco Systems. Sure , its gear is essential to the growth of the Internet. But it is unlikely that Cisco will perform well enough over the next five years to satisfy the earnings expectations that I believe are implied by its current price-to-earnings multiple of 188.
The messy world of the dysfunctional Mets got stickier yesterday with Rey Sanchez denying that he had plopped down in the clubhouse during a lopsided game last week to get a little off the top and a little off the sides. General Manager Steve Phillips read from the same short and passive script and two of Sanchez ' s teammates , Mike Stanton and Mike Piazza , openly discussed the breach of clubhouse rules and etiquette. There ' s nothing that has to be said to anybody. We ' re here to win ballgames. Piazza had a benign mole removed from his lower abdomen on Monday , did not start against the Dodgers and faced a new barrage of questions about possibly switching from catcher to first base.
She was among the glittering crowd at the Manhattan premiere of " Fahrenheit 9/11 " on June 14. At what might seem to be the worst of times for her -- the rapidly disappearing interlude between her March 5 conviction on federal criminal charges and her sentencing tomorrow -- she is looking more like a carefree socialite than a woman on the edge of incarceration. Far from going into seclusion after the outcome of her trial , Ms. Stewart is making the rounds of all the best parties in the city and at the beach , rubbing elbows with Tom Brokaw or Paris Hilton ' s parents , lifting a glass , nibbling a canapé , chortling at an A-list joke.
A. ; it was the National Basketball Development League. Jokes actually seem appropriate for the division , realigned into five teams all with losing records -- and little separating the bad from the worst. Boston ' s Paul Pierce called the division the " worst ever " last week , which seems about right , but is not technically correct. Not since the 1975-76 season has a team won its division with a losing record. The Milwaukee Bucks , then in the four-team Midwest Division of the Western Conference , finished 38-44. They then lost to the Detroit Pistons , 2-1 , in a best-of-three first-round playoff series.
During much of 2001 , before Major League Baseball announced and then backed off from eliminating two teams , one option was to buy out the Anaheim Angels and replace or merge them with the Oakland Athletics , according to informal notes and memos by high-level baseball officials. If the Anaheim-Oakland option had been adopted when Commissioner Bud Selig and the baseball owners wanted to last season , the Angels would not have existed to win the World Series last year. As contraction targets , Anaheim and Oakland never rose to the level of serious candidates , as did Minnesota and Montreal.
He can no longer float in the air and mesmerize fans and opponents the way he did for so many years , but Michael Jordan proved last night that he could still demoralize a Madison Square Garden crowd. But Jordan , slower than he used to be and slower than Sprewell , was still a step ahead of the competition. Washington ' s Chris Whitney added two free throws before Houston hit a 3-pointer for the Knicks at the buzzer , but it was Jordan ' s jumper that catapulted the Wizards to an 87-86 victory over the Knicks. And Washington ( 14-12 ) tied its franchise record with its ninth straight victory.
Retailers offered something at full price , and customers bought it in droves. It was gift certificates , and they sold in record numbers , retailers and those who follow them said yesterday. Sales of gift certificates -- those plain pieces of paper that guarantee a recipient will spend at least 10 fewer moments on the return line this month -- were up at least 5 percent in 1996 among dozens of retailers , and the trend was likely to continue , experts said. Last year was particularly strong , they added , because of the five fewer shopping days between Thanksgiving and Christmas , which left many shoppers short on time and frantic for gifts.
Palm Inc. , the maker of hand-held computers , has hired a top Silicon Valley software designer as it seeks to respond to the challenge posed by Apple ' s new iPhone. The designer , Paul Mercer , a former Apple computer engineer , began work three weeks ago at Palm on a line of new products , a company spokeswoman said , but she declined to comment further on the project. Apple ' s iPhone is still several months away from being available , but its flexible interface is already shaking up the cellphone industry , including Palm , which makes the hybrid phone-organizers known as smart phones.
The 2003 season of the Women ' s National Basketball Association was expected to be the most competitive of the league ' s seven seasons. A. would try to show that even though two of its teams folded after last season and two others relocated , it could make it on its own , without the finances and oversight of the National Basketball Association. Scoring increased to 68. The Detroit Shock , with the league ' s youngest lineup ( average age 24 ) and its worst record in 2002 , upstaged stalwarts like the Liberty and the Charlotte Sting to win the Eastern Conference.
Before he defected to America , Dr. Ken Alibek was the Soviet Union ' s ranking expert in turning anthrax and a dozen other killer germs into biological weapons. Dr. Alibek , the former deputy chief of the Soviets ' vast Biopreparat biological arsenal , is now an American citizen. He is president of Hadron Advanced Biosystems , a private research company that seeks to develop broad respiratory resistance to the full range of evolving biological weapons , not just the anthrax scare now consuming Americans. If they were less polite , the neighbors would find Dr. Alibek , a 51-year-old physician and microbiologist , a walking treasure of information for these days of home-front terrorism.
Although the ad is a promotion for Gatorade , a major Nascar sponsor , it isn ' t outlandish to suggest that Daytona has eclipsed the Indianapolis 500 as America ' s premier auto race. From thinning crowds to depleted sponsorships to declining TV ratings , the Indy 500 -- the only Indy-car race that can hold its own against Nascar stock-car racing -- is looking sick. The race ' s fate will probably turn on the answer to this question: Does the Indy 500 produce the sport ' s stars , or is it the stars who make the Indy 500 ?
The official , Hazarat Ali , the law and order minister for the Eastern Shura , which claims dominion over three major provinces in eastern Afghanistan , said trusted informants had told him that Mr. bin Laden was spotted near Tora Bora , a village where two valleys meet in deep mountains in Nangarhar Province.  " We have some people who told us that three or four days ago , Osama bin Laden was in Tora Bora , " Mr. Ali said. " At night he sleeps in caves. " Overlooking the village of Tora Bora is a large network of mountain caves and forts used by the Afghan rebels who fought the Soviet Union in the 1980 ' s. Eastern Shura commanders say operatives of Al Qaeda , Mr. bin Laden ' s organization , paid the villagers of Tora Bora $50 a family to vacate the village weeks ago.
Marine Motion Detectors The harbor seal is one of the marine world ' s cuter creatures , and part of its appeal , no doubt , is that it has the snout of a dog and the long whiskers of a cat. Seal whiskers have been known to be extremely sensitive to movement , and they are used by the animal to measure openings and objects. Now German scientists studying two harbor seals at the Cologne zoo have determined that the animals use their whiskers to detect very small water movements , like the kind in the wake of a fish.
What ' s the value of some good spin on Wall Street nowadays ? That ' s a conclusion one can draw from looking at trading in the shares of Hewlett-Packard and I. B. M. , two of the biggest technology companies. In heavy trading yesterday , Hewlett-Packard ' s shares fell 14 percent , or $11. 3125 , to close at $70. 3125 -- erasing roughly $12 billion in stock market value. The largest one-day drop for Hewlett-Packard in almost six years came after the company warned analysts late Wednesday that second-quarter results would be far weaker than expected. Management said earnings would be 65 cents a share , well below the 78 cents analysts had anticipated.
Ward Cuff , an All-Pro back for the Giants in the early 1940 ' s and one of the National Football League ' s leading place-kickers of his era , died Dec. 24 in Vallejo , Calif. Playing with the Giants from 1937 to 1945 , Cuff teamed up with the Hall of Famers Ken Strong , Mel Hein and Tuffy Leemans. Cuff was the Giants ' career scoring leader , with 319 points , when he was traded to the Cardinals after the 1945 season. He played one season for Chicago and one year for the Green Bay Packers before retiring.
Another statistic to digest during a sportscast may be the equivalent of downing just another spoonful of castor oil. Now along comes Troy Aikman , the former Dallas Cowboys quarterback ( career passer rating , 81. 1 Fox analyst , to say that the N. F. L. ' s ranking of the 32 teams ' offenses and defenses by yardage is inadequate and omits categories that present a truer picture of overall team performance. com , Aikman petitioned the league to change its ranking system. Soon after , Aikman; Rick Odioso , a statistician for Fox Sports; and Jim Henzler , a senior analyst for Stats Inc. , created the Aikman Efficiency Ratings ( the A. E. R. ' s ) , which embrace seven statistics in five categories that Aikman says offer a truer picture of offensive and defensive prowess.
The Broncos edged the Tar Heels , 1-0 , on Sunday in Dallas to capture their first national title. Aly Wagner , Santa Clara ' s premier player , scored a goal four minutes before intermission to end the Tar Heels ' 34-game winning streak. A crowd of more than 7 , 000 at Southern Methodist University and a national television audience saw Santa Clara ( 23-2 ) match North Carolina ' s aggressiveness step for step. The Broncos were also more creative than the Tar Heels ( 24-1 ) , who have used sheer power to dominate the last 20 seasons.
The Clark family -- Joetta Clark Diggs , Jearl Miles Clark and Hazel Clark -- will compete Friday night at the 93rd Air Force Millrose Games , launching a track season that could lead to a family sweep of the women ' s 800-meter berths on the United States Olympic team for Sydney , Australia. It replaces the slow board track in use since 1991 , and fast times are anticipated. Diggs will attempt to go out a winner in the 800 against her younger sister , Hazel , 22 , her training partner. A 1999 graduate of the University of Florida , Clark is a four-time National Collegiate Athletic Association titlist who defeated Diggs for the first time last week in a Millrose tuneup race in Fairfax , Va. Clark placed second and Diggs third in the Adidas D. C. Invitational 800 , won by Regina Jacobs.
Allied Signal Inc. says the latest sanctions against Iran are costing it several million dollars a year in lost sales of aircraft parts. Caterpillar Inc. is circulating a map that spotlights countries where , it says , American sanctions throw up obstacles to the sale of Caterpillar ' s yellow tractors and earth-moving vehicles. Trade sanctions have become ever more difficult to enforce in the world ' s huge and fluid marketplace , but the United States is invoking them with increasing frequency anyway. It is even adding an onerous new twist: punishing foreign companies for breaching American sanctions. Now corporate America , usually unwilling to go against the nation ' s foreign policy , is preparing a rare formal protest against the latest trend.
When he suddenly announced plans to step down last month , he insisted that the whole move was his idea. " But in the Feb. 4 issue of Fortune , the flagship business magazine in the AOL Time Warner empire , the writer Carol Loomis reports that one company board member , Fay Vincent , told someone else that Mr. Levin had been forced out. Ms. Loomis then devotes several column inches to detailing the numerous ways she was shut out in her quest to confirm the story. The column ends inconclusively. " A spokesman for AOL Time Warner , Edward Adler , would not discuss the article itself.
Peter J. Gomes has been at Harvard University for 37 years , and says he remembers when religious people on campus felt under siege. Across the country , on secular campuses as varied as Colgate University , the University of Wisconsin and the University of California , Berkeley , chaplains , professors and administrators say students are drawn to religion and spirituality with more fervor than at any time they can remember. More students are enrolling in religion courses , even majoring in religion; more are living in dormitories or houses where matters of faith and spirituality are a part of daily conversation; and discussion groups are being created for students to grapple with questions like what happens after death , dozens of university officials said in interviews.
Apnea sufferers whose blocked throats suppress their blood-oxygen levels below 80 percent saturation can die of arrhythmia or stroke. People with REM ( rapid eye movement ) behavior disorder , who lack the normal muscle paralysis that keeps most sleepers from acting out their dreams , have been known to beat and choke their spouses. Even gentle sleepwalkers , who are not dreaming but in deep sleep , have started cars and typed e-mail messages. The lab ' s bedrooms , with urn-motif wallpaper and framed floral prints , were meant to recall hotel rooms. An hour later , I had five brain-wave electrodes glued to my scalp , two eye-movement detectors on my cheeks , two beneath my chin for muscle tone , two on my chest for heart rhythms , and two on my legs for twitching.
Another goal for Brian Leetch. And in the end , another numbing defeat for the Rangers at Madison Square Garden. After their 3-1 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes last night , the Rangers ( 20-25-7 over all , 11-12-2 at home ) are a game below. Home-ice advantage ? Last night ' s defeat , coupled with Washington ' s victory over the Devils , dropped the Rangers into 12th place in the Eastern Conference , ahead of only the lowly Islanders and the pitiful Tampa Bay Lightning. Eight conference teams make the playoffs. The Rangers have scored one goal or less in 21 games this season , so last night they went out and acquired a gritty forward in Eric Lacroix.
After witnessing the quick acceleration , the drafting technique and the three-wide passes during a two-hour sprint last year from Darlington , S. C. , to Charlotte , N. C. , a fellow motorsports writer offered me the ultimate compliment. At Lowe ' s Motor Speedway , ride-along speeds can reach 165 miles an hour. Those interested in more intense " Experiences " can pay as much as $3 , 000 at some racetracks for a 40-lap program. Now it was my turn to get behind the wheel of a racecar that could reach speeds of more than 140 m. p. h. , following a professional driver around the track for eight laps.
CALL me hubristic , call me crazy , call me Woodrow Wilson -- but , reluctantly , I may have to go to war to put an end to all vacuous management books by writing a lethally stupid one of my own. Slogans and gimmicks ? How about one of these for 1998: ). * " The Orthodonture Way: Bracing for Global Competition " ( Chapter 5 , " Tighten Until It Hurts: Why Tiffany Zeldman ' s Overbite Is a Lesson for AT&amp;T " ).  " The Circle of Innovation: You Can ' t Shrink Your Way to Greatness , " by Tom Peters ( Knopf , $30 ) , has many ideas already familiar to readers of " In Search of Excellence , " " Thriving on Chaos " and other extremely popular books by Mr. Peters.
Dot Richardson. They all spoke of medicine as a calling , not as a career. Foudy was too good a midfielder , too much a free spirit , and a game that barely registers on the global sports economy had already opened the doors to some remarkably remote places. She made it to China long before Bill Clinton. Last year , she took herself to the village of Sialkot , Pakistan , at the foot of the Himalayas on a one-woman mission to better understand third world labor. She won an Olympic gold medal before 80 , 000 in Atlanta and went around the world twice in one year and now looks forward to the world coming to her.
Robert F. X. Sillerman hopes to get a nonfinancial return -- an improved golf game -- from his latest investment. The founder and former executive chairman of SFX Entertainment , Mr. Sillerman is investing $50 million to $75 million in a new $250 million resort on Anguilla that will be managed by St. Regis , a Starwood brand. Scheduled to open in 2006 , the resort , called Temenos Anguilla , will include 36 private homes , a 97-room hotel and spa and three rental villas that Mr. Sillerman built and turned into a mini-resort last year. 2 , a number that he hopes will decline on Anguilla.
Congress is expected to consider a proposal early next year that would shift responsibility for billions of dollars in future pension promises to the federal government from United Parcel Service. U. P. S. is chafing at its legal requirement to cover retirees of other companies through its participation in multiemployer plans , in which many employers pool the cost of providing pensions for union members. While the prospects for the proposal are unclear , U. P. S. has gained support from several lawmakers , including some in Georgia , Kentucky and Ohio. About 35 million Americans are covered by traditional pension plans paid for by a single company , and about 9.
What do Europeans want from the United States ? As President Bush prepares for his first trip to Europe since his reelection -- a five-day swing through Belgium , Germany and Slovakia -- the Op-Ed page asked a variety of Europeans to name the single most important thing Mr. Bush could do to reinvigorate trans-Atlantic relations. CONDOLEEZZA RICE ' S recent visit to the Old Continent paved the way for a better future between Europe and the United States. Europe ' s leaders have tried to minimize their differences out of an awareness that re-establishing better relations is a necessity. President Bush should listen to the European street; he should prick up his ears and hear what the presidents and prime ministers cannot or will not say in public.
A healthy , confident Kwan is the greatest women ' s figure skater in the world. She is as willing to bare her emotions off the ice as on the ice , to lay out her assuredness and her insecurity before reporters the way she lays out her elegant spirals and spins before judges. Earlier this season , Kwan re-established herself as the gold-medal favorite at the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano , Japan , skating through pain to win Skate Canada and Skate America. But as the national championships approach this week in Philadelphia , Kwan is neither fully healthy , completely confident nor even remotely accessible.
For AT&amp;T ' s chairman , C. Michael Armstrong , reducing AT&amp;T ' s debt could prove as complex as explaining the company ' s plans to separate itself into four parts. Although AT&amp;T has said it wants to reduce its $62 billion debt , in part by selling nonstrategic assets , a review of its options makes it clear that completing such sales will not be easy. For in its efforts to sell assets , AT&amp;T is bound in many ways by cable -- a series of entangling investments that have resulted from Mr. Armstrong ' s foray into cable TV the last few years.
American League CLEVELAND INDIANS--Signed LHP Reid Santos. TEXAS RANGERS--Recalled RHP Reynaldo Garcia from Oklahoma of the PCL. Assigned RHP Alan Benes to Oklahoma. Announced INF Jeff Pickler and OF Paul Ottavinia have cleared waivers; and , sent Pickler outright to Oklahoma and Ottavinia outright to Frisco of the Texas League. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Placed INF Ryan Freel on the 15-day disabled list , retroactive to May 28. LOS ANGELES DODGERS--Purchased the contract of OF Bubba Crosby from Las Vegas of the PCL. Optioned LHP Steve Colyer to Las Vegas. SAN DIEGO PADRES--Claimed RHP Scott Linebrink off waivers from Houston. Sent LHP Randy Keisler outright to Portland of the PCL.
Brazil wound up its first bond issue yesterday since the devaluation of its currency in January , swapping $1 billion in new five-year notes for existing Brazilian Brady bonds. The first $2 billion was in new five-year notes that were priced last week at 6. 75 percentage points above the yield of the current five-year United States Treasury note. Since then the price of those notes has fallen slightly , traders said. 07 and in late trading in the corporate bond market yesterday the price had slipped to about 98. Traders track the yield on such notes as the amount of additional yield -- or spread -- the note offers compared with a United States Treasury note of the same maturity.
Many sports fans may be aware that Deion Sanders is the only man to play in both a World Series , batting. 533 for Atlanta in 1992 , and in a Super Bowl , starring for San Francisco in 1995 and for Dallas in 1996. For one thing , he is in his 12th season as a cornerback in the National Football League , a position that often is left to young and speedy operatives. Sanders , whom the Giants will encounter Sunday in a significant game for both teams , retains some of his old-time speed and spring. The Redskins , with a 7-5 record , are counting on Sanders ' s contributions to stay alive for a playoff spot in the National Football Conference East.
The Walt Disney Company discovered -- by way of the Internet , naturally -- that some long-forgotten animator had managed to sneak a couple of frames of a woman ' s bare breasts into its 1977 animated film , " The Rescuers , " so it immediately recalled 3. The reason for the recall is to keep our promise to families that they can trust and rely on the Disney brand , " a company spokeswoman said. Understand that the offending images cannot be seen when the videotape is played normally. Imagine , for a moment , a saner world , in which Disney announces that instead of a recall , it will spend $10 million to finance breast-cancer screening for poor women.
From the moment he touched down in Tampa , Billick has injected a dose of XFL attitude into the National Football League ' s most hallowed game. But Billick has taken to his role as the league ' s resident iconoclast like a starlet strolling the red carpet at a movie premiere. In a carefully scripted opening statement delivered moments after the Ravens ' arrival , Billick offered a blistering dissection of the news media ' s coverage of Ray Lewis , against whom murder charges had been dropped. Billick was so furious when Tennessee ran clips of his incendiary quotes on the big screen at Adelphia Coliseum during a playoff game earlier this month that he stalked the sideline in a fury , telling his players they had to cover his back.
The Atlantic Monthly in Boston on Monday afternoon , staff members huddled around to hear the grim news. Then , the disembodied voice of Mortimer B. Zuckerman , the New York real estate baron who has owned the magazine since 1980 , wafted tinnily through the room: he was selling the magazine , a 142-year-old cultural institution that printed the first words of Emerson and Thoreau. More important , though , the staff was upset to learn that William Whitworth , the editor who has steered the magazine for two decades , would be replaced by someone unknown to them , a Washington editorial upstart , Michael Kelly.
Jim Haslett is acutely aware that his New Orleans Saints have a 7-1 road record , best in the National Football League , while they have won only three of eight games at the Superdome. That is where they will meet the St. Louis Rams on Saturday in a National Football Conference first-round playoff game. This past Sunday , at the Superdome , Faulk punctured the Saints for 220 rushing yards and 2 rushing touchdowns , and added 7 receptions for 41 yards and another touchdown in a 26-21 St. Louis victory that forced Saturday ' s rematch. In the next breath , though , Haslett wondered aloud whether the Rams have too many offensive weapons for any defense to contain , with quarterback Kurt Warner -- the league ' s most valuable player last season -- and two of the N. F. C. ' s top receivers in Isaac Bruce and Torry Holt to complement Faulk.
Patricia Arias came to New York from Colombia 19 years ago , but she speaks English only to the children she teaches at a church agency. They watch Spanish newscasts on Univision and Spanish soap operas on Telemundo. " Mr. Rodriguez and the Ariases share a Hispanic identity , but they represent two very significant facets of Latinos in the New York metropolitan region. And the differences between them are increasingly evident. But some advertisers , like the recently formed New Generation Latino Consortium , say they favor focusing more on Latinos who are bilingual or for whom English is the dominant language.
THE bond market " conundrum " famously cited by Alan Greenspan -- long-term interest rates falling with short-term rates on the rise -- no longer holds. The yield on the Treasury ' s 10-year note has been gradually climbing toward 5 percent. Fourteen months ago , when Mr. Greenspan , then the Federal Reserve chairman , spoke about the situation , this benchmark rate was scarcely above 4 percent. Now , both short and long-term rates offer inflation-beating yields -- rather than a choice between laughably low returns and substantial risk. Many bond investors may feel that it ' s become somewhat less agonizing these days to decide what to do with their money.
WAVE SYSTEMS has never had a profitable quarter.  " We ' re pursuing an opportunity , we have been for a long time , it ' s much closer and we can actually now see the light at the end of the tunnel , " Steven K. Sprague , the company ' s chief executive , told shareholders at its annual meeting last summer at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Midtown Manhattan. " That flickering light has been enough to attract one of the most devoted bands of investors this side of Berkshire Hathaway. But how do people keep faith in a company that has lost roughly $300 million since its inception in 1988 and has had nearly 50 consecutive quarters in the red since going public ?
Martha Stewart appeared at her company ' s annual shareholder meeting yesterday , addressing the faithful for the first time since becoming a convicted felon in March. There was only the barest frisson of criticism , and even then it was aimed not at her but at the board. And Ms. Stewart , wearing a beige pantsuit with an orange blouse and matching orange slides , thanked various people in her orbit for their support and hard work , after first saying that she could not discuss her legal problems. Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia had already announced that her indictment was imminent , and last year ' s meeting was packed with shareholders , with reporters and camera crews outside.
When the 24-story building at 500 Wood Street downtown is dynamited into oblivion this afternoon , the fewer people in the vicinity , the less likely anyone is to get hurt. Granted , the building is being destroyed for an uplifting civic purpose. That argument will be difficult to make today because when the building falls , a 15-story mural known locally as the city ' s " sports heroes mural " will go with it. The mural depicted five of the city ' s greatest sports stars: the Great One , Roberto Clemente; Le Magnifique , Mario Lemieux; two defensive stalwarts from the Steelers ' Super Bowl era , Mean Joe Greene and Jack Lambert , and Bill Mazeroski , shown waving his cap and circling the bases after hitting one of the most famous home runs in World Series history , the one that beat the Yankees in 1960.
Consumer demand for $851. Yesterday H&amp;M , the Swedish retailer of popularly priced fashion , said it would begin carrying a bargain version of Viktor &amp; Rolf designs for one season , beginning in November. After the stampedes started by similar programs with famous designers -- Karl Lagerfeld in 2004 and Stella McCartney in 2005 -- the selection of the comparatively obscure Dutch designers , Viktor Horsting and Rolf Snoeren , to design men and women ' s fashions for a mass audience is an intriguing choice for H&amp;M. The chain has 1 , 200 stores worldwide. Analysts have criticized the collaborations as isolated frenzies with little impact on sales , but the association with Viktor &amp; Rolf is appealing to the retailer because awareness of the label is high among fashion insiders.
Rashard Casey threw 3 touchdown passes and ran for 2 scores as Penn State beat Michigan State , 42-23 , yesterday as everything finally went right for the host Nittany Lions. Penn State Coach Joe Paterno recorded his 322nd career victory in the Lions ' season-ending game to move within one of the major college record held by the former Alabama coach Bear Bryant. The loss makes the Spartans ( 5-6 , 2-6 ) ineligible for bowl consideration. Brad Lewis threw for a career-high 290 yards and 2 touchdowns to lead West Virginia in Don Nehlen ' s final home game.
The Tampa Bay Lightning may be one of the surprises of the playoffs so far , but not to the Devils. The Devils found out Sunday that they will be playing the Lightning in the second round of the playoffs , and although the teams have never met in the postseason and played only four times in the regular season , they are not exactly strangers. Devils Coach Pat Burns remembers coaching an energetic left wing named Dave Andreychuk , now with Tampa Bay. Burns coached Andreychuk , who is now 39 , for four seasons in Toronto , then coached him for most of that 1999-2000 season in Boston.
WHEN someone makes a big profit on Wall Street , traders like to say , " Don ' t confuse brains with a bull market. " com , an Internet service that matches young athletes with colleges and scholarships , it took nearly 20 years for her own lucky break on the high school playing fields to germinate into a hot business proposition. That business -- solidly financed and widely praised , though still unproven -- demonstrates how well some entrepreneurs can reach back into their pasts for the Big Idea. For all the material rewards of success , venture capitalists say , it is business founders with a profound motivation to change the world , or at least a portion of it , who are the most successful.
One day after shooting a 10-under-par 60 that tied the Champions Tour record , Thorpe shot a 67 today for a three-round total of 195 , 15 under par , at the Red Course of Eisenhower Park. The course , a creation of Robert Trent Jones , played host to the 1926 P. G. A. Championship when the course was known as Salisbury Golf Club. He had five birdies in the final round , including one on the 563-yard 17th hole , which he birdied each day of the tournament , to take the lead for good. He double-bogeyed the 15th and finished at 202 , two shots behind Mike McCullough , who was fourth at 200 after a 67.
Outfielder Mark Whiten of the Yankees was arrested today , accused of second-degree sexual assault in an incident that the Milwaukee police said took place at the team hotel in the early morning hours Saturday. Earnell Lucas said the police had investigated a complaint by a 31-year-old Wisconsin woman that did not initially point to sexual assault. But the sergeant said that the completion of the investigation had revealed enough evidence for the police to believe that sexual assault " might have occurred " at the Pfister Hotel. Whiten ' s wife , Sheri , gave birth to the couple ' s second child in Clearwater , Fla. , last Thursday , and the 30-year-old outfielder missed two games on this trip to return home for the birth of the boy.
Now , Leiter has all winter to relive the ninth inning of Game 5 of the World Series. Leiter left Game 1 with a 3-2 lead only to see closer Armando Benitez blow the save in the ninth inning before the Yankees won in 12 innings. With two outs and runners on first and second in the ninth inning , Valentine had John Franco warming in the bullpen , but left the veteran in to pitch to Luis Sojo who had entered the game in a double switch the previous inning. Sojo ' s single gave the Yankees a 4-2 lead they held onto to capture the Subway Series , four games to one.
FEW retail projects failed as badly as the Bakery Center , a luxury shopping mall that opened 10 years ago at one of Greater Miami ' s busiest commercial crossroads. This year , new owners have demolished it and started anew with a different design and marketing plan. The Simon DeBartolo Group , one of the nation ' s largest shopping mall developers , is gambling that concept , rather than location , was the Bakery Center ' s major shortcoming. Unlike the old mall , an anchorless , five-level labyrinth of boutiques radiating about a huge atrium , the new structure is to have a design that the Simon DeBartolo Group says will blend into the surrounding pedestrian shopping district.
8 percent. But he has played his best basketball as a center. In the 16 games since he took over at center after Camby went down for the season with a hip injury , Thomas has averaged 16 points , 9. 4 blocks. 9 percent. While many power forwards were able to defend Thomas outside , very few centers have the athleticism to follow him out to 16 feet. Thomas and his teammates will have to play exceptionally well to defeat the Lakers. While the Lakers are the heavy favorites , there are reasons to believe the Knicks , who beat Utah by 85-79 on Friday , could pull off their second straight upset.
They had spent millions of dollars acquiring land for the project. Now the officials from the area surrounding Detroit Metro Airport were listening to the consultant in a mansion built by Henry Ford in Dearborn , a few miles from here. But just as this small city ' s mythical namesake took more than a day to build his metropolis , and just as he came to that task in part by the lack of an alternative , the planners of a 1 , 300-acre development intended as the cornerstone of a 25 , 000-acre stretch of commercial real estate between here and the dilapidated Willow Run cargo airport have much work to do , the speaker said.
com , which shows this animated series , to ensure that they are notified of the next " webisode. " Mr. Langston is part of a small but increasing audience tuning in to the Internet for short bursts of entertainment. Web viewers can watch the seven installments of " Zombie College " at any time , in any order , or the latest " Queer Duck , " which made its debut on Icebox this month with the catchy theme song: " Queer Duck , he ' s intellectual. Queer Duck , he ' s homosexual. " After years of sputtering attempts to prove itself as a medium for mass entertainment , the Internet is morphing into a more offbeat version of television that is often more profane and always less formulaic than its broadcast and cable counterparts.
And in a thrilling shot-for-shot duel in the fourth quarter between the two All-Stars , Arenas nearly toppled King James. 4 seconds left , allowing James and his Cavaliers to celebrate his first playoff-game-winning shot and a 97-96 victory. Game 4 is Sunday in Washington. Cavaliers Coach Mike Brown said: " I hope that shot puts everything to rest. Arenas ( who went 12 for 25 over all ) scored the Wizards ' first 9 points in the fourth quarter , while James ( 16 for 28 ) made two 3-pointers in that stretch. The Cavaliers were able to start the fourth quarter tied at 71-71 because of a defensive stand that held the Wizards to 13 points in the third quarter.
Although Tiger Woods won ' t be playing for $1 million this week , he insisted today that his motivation for the Ryder Cup will not be a problem. In the process of winning the American Express Championship last weekend , Woods ignited a controversy by saying he would rather win that event than the Ryder Cup , which begins Friday at the Belfry. Those comments became scathing headline material in various publications , and Woods was accused of being greedy and selfish. It was hardly the quietest way for the world ' s No. 1 player to head into the Ryder Cup , the intense biennial match-play competition between the United States and Europe and , in this instance , a showdown that was delayed for a year because of last September ' s terrorist attacks.
Trailing a CBS camera crew , the sumo champion took in some of the Winter Olympic sites before he is scheduled to perform a purification ritual at Saturday ' s opening ceremony. Unlike her Olympic teammates , Michelle Kwan and Nicole Bobek , who have remained home until next week to train , the 15-year-old Lipinski wants to experience as much of the Olympics as possible. She has been anticipating this moment since she stood on a Tupperware container as a 2-year-old , pretending she was a gold medalist as the national anthem played on television during the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
This was in November , several months after the stock market began suffering 100-point drops and a full two years after many of his entrepreneur friends captured and then lost their digital gold mines. He spends hours talking on the phone with advisers and he searches everywhere for financing , venture capital or otherwise. He compensates his six full-time staff members with small salaries and big pep talks. He prints his business cards at home. Gone are the days when investors thought the Internet was touched by Midas and amateurs could start wireless companies , said Christopher Mutkoski , the founder of Angel Alliance , a New York-based consortium that invests in early-stage companies.
Polonia has seven brothers , three sisters , two uncles and a daughter who live within minutes of the Stadium , and the 35-year-old outfielder planned to hang out with them. I ' ve always wanted to play for the Yankees. The Yankees did not terminate their search for a left fielder after the nonwaiver trading deadline passed on Monday afternoon. They just lowered their expectations , plucked Polonia from baseball purgatory after he cleared waivers yesterday and signed him for the rest of the season. It is a cheap and sensible move for the Yankees , who will only pay about $66 , 000 to have Polonia play left field when David Justice is the designated hitter , or is rested.
Today , in a manner of speaking , Elvis is the building. Actually , many buildings. As Graceland prepares to welcome as many as 70 , 000 Elvis fans starting next weekend to commemorate the anniversary of his death on Aug. 16 , 1977 , at the age of 42 , Elvis is still the king. Forbes magazine has estimated the company ' s annual revenue at $35 million. Against a post-Enron backdrop of skepticism about chief executives in general , Mr. Soden , 55 and a longtime business manager , considers himself fortunate. He is aware , he said , of the pressure on the management of publicly held companies " to keep stock analysts and shareholders happy. "
Before the opening kickoff Sunday , the Cowboys ' special-teams coach , Bruce DeHaven , collared Randal Williams to remind him that the Philadelphia Eagles had a penchant for onside kicks. In fact , the Eagles had pulled off the feat on the opening kickoff of the 2000 season opener and went on to pummel the Cowboys. Lo and behold , moments later , the Eagles ' David Akers dribbled a kick toward the left sideline. The Cowboys ' opening score took all of three seconds , the quickest a team has scored since the N. F. L. began using the scoreboard clock in 1970 , according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
A. compiling the best record in the Eastern Conference , the Philadelphia 76ers , the defending conference champions , have struggled through injuries and dissension and sit 10 games behind the Nets. So Allen Iverson made it clear today that the Nets ( 38-18 ) still had to beat the defending conference champions if they want to prove anything worthwhile. I wouldn ' t say they ' re the best team in the East. I mean , they ' ve got the best record , but I still think we ' re still the best team in the East. " The Nets listened to the skeptical remarks , which they have heard from almost every corner of the league , and refused to engage in a war of words , choosing instead to take their case to the court on Friday night at the First Union Center.
7 billion buyout bid for the luxury hotel chain yesterday. The offer by Mr. Sharp , 75 , who bought his first hotel in 1961 and expanded it into a worldwide empire , is backed by Kingdom Hotels International , a holding company of Prince Walid bin Talal of Saudi Arabia , and Cascade Investment , the investment vehicle of Bill Gates. If successful in taking his company private , Mr. Sharp would reap a huge personal windfall. The offer comes amid a wave of management-led leveraged buyouts around the world that has led to scrutiny and criticism from public shareholders who have questioned how management can fulfill its fiduciary duty when it is representing its own interests.
A. draft , the Nets are pursuing trades and soliciting offers for their No. But no deal is imminent , Nets President Rod Thorn said yesterday. While Thorn would neither confirm nor deny discussions about specific players , the Nets have been shopping forward Keith Van Horn , said one team official , who added that there is not much of a market for him. Thorn said that he has fielded an offer for two lower first-round draft picks for the Nets ' No. The Nets ' need for a center could become more pressing , especially since Thorn said that forward Jamie Feick , who played in just six games last season after surgery on his left Achilles ' heel and resulting complications , may not be ready for the season.
Traditionally , pitchers throwing no-hitters are ignored by teammates , who are driven to the corners of the dugout by superstition. Mets pitcher Mark Clark did not allow a hit for the first seven innings yesterday and never did have a moment to himself. Clark , the object of many wisecracks because of his seasonlong hitless streak , walloped his first career homer , and coming off two terrible outings , he carried the no-hitter into the top of the eighth inning. Boston ' s Reggie Jefferson then hit a leadoff pinch-hit single , ending Clark ' s bid to become the first Met to throw a no-hitter.
Before yesterday ' s news conference introducing him as the Jets ' new head coach , Eric Mangini was a mystery to the news media.  " They all come off as the Great Sphinx because they have marching orders about not talking to the media , " Randy Cross of CBS Sports said. 1 analyst , has called plenty of Patriots games during Mangini ' s six years there but has never had verbal contact with him. Simms said he had unusually little to offer about why the Jets were so interested in Mangini , whom Belichick elevated to be the Patriots ' defensive coordinator this season.
THE First Church of Christ , Scientist , at 96th Street and Central Park West , is going to leave its sumptuous 1903 building and join with the Second Church , down at 68th Street. That brings full circle this tale of two churches and one woman , Augusta E. Stetson -- and her role in both their creation and the long-ago battles between them. In 1875 , Mary Baker Eddy published " Science and Health With Key to the Scriptures , " inspired by her recovery from an illness. Her tenet that disease , death and sin are the result of separation from God , and that prayer could heal , brought rapid growth to the movement she founded in 1879 in Boston as the Christian Science Church.
Is determined to plant Rugosa roses in the dunes ? Dr. Keller ' s work is the healing of torture victims. Y. U. Program for Survivors of Torture , he has tended patients from 70 countries who have been gang raped , trampled , burned or forced by machete-wielding soldiers to choose between amputation at the wrist ( " short sleeve ? " ).  " As a med student , I worked in a Cambodian refugee camp in Thailand and came back here all charged up , " says Dr. Keller , 44 , waving to security guards. " Last month , Dr. Keller , who also lectures about advocacy and medicine at his alma mater , the N. Y. U.
Toyota has not yet passed General Motors to become the world ' s biggest carmaker , but Robert A. Lutz , G. M. ' s vice chairman , says his company has fallen behind its rival in terms of clout on Capitol Hill. Days after Rick Wagoner , G. M. ' s chief executive , said G. M. was not conceding first place to Toyota , Mr. Lutz stressed that G. M. would rather lose several points of market share than heavily discount vehicles as it has in the past. 1 automaker -- which Mr. Lutz said had already happened in the minds of Washington lawmakers.
In March , just as the Bush administration was showing reporters some of the secret nuclear equipment that Libya gave up after renouncing its arms program , the Libyans received a fresh shipment of illegal parts from the nuclear black market , according to a new report by the International Atomic Energy Agency. The Libyans may have been as surprised as anybody when the parts -- advanced centrifuge components for enriching uranium , a crucial step in making nuclear bombs -- showed up in Tripoli ' s port. Colonel Qaddafi ' s aides quietly reported the arrival of the shipment to American intelligence and to the atomic agency.
When golfers utter the cliché , " Anybody can win this week , " nobody rolls his eyes anymore. And by winning major championships , they did what Tiger Woods , Ernie Els , Davis Love III , Vijay Singh and Phil Mickelson failed to do this year.  " Golf is a great stage right now , " said Briny Baird , who tied for 39th at the P. G. A. " Curtis and Micheel cannot be called great players yet , but they were good enough to win majors , and bold enough not to collapse under pressure. Players who have not won majors look more relaxed these days than players who have.
A recent survey found that people tend to spend 28 days planning their annual vacation but take only nine days to decide which funds to buy. And 70 percent said they needed only one day to research their fund investments. The nationwide telephone survey , commissioned by Montgomery Asset Management and conducted by the Intersearch Corporation from May 21 to June 1 , involved 750 randomly selected mutual fund investors who have at least some holdings outside 401 ( k ) plans. Among the survey ' s findings were these: * Fifty percent of respondents said they thought that the hand-over of Hong Kong to China would have a negative impact on investments in that region; 29 percent saw a positive impact.
A. courts , imbed a tiny camera , then let ESPN viewers imagine they ' re in the league ' s new Big and Tall Studio. This termite ' s view is surreal and best used when preceded by a traditional replay of what FloorCam will show. Looking into the glare of arena lights , the images show bodies flying , colliding and landing. In a coming game in Orlando , the tiny camera will pan from its two-inch depth; eventually , it will also tilt , allowing it to be placed as far away as the top of the key.
A 3-0 start had certainly been welcome around basketball-mad Chapel Hill , where the pain of a most uncharacteristic 8-20 season still nagged Tar Heels fans. 2 Kansas awaited in the semifinals of the Preseason National Invitation Tournament. How good is North Carolina ? So good that the Tar Heels defeated Kansas , 67-56 , at Madison Square Garden last night to advance to tomorrow night ' s final against Stanford , a surprising 69-65 winner over Florida in the first semifinal. North Carolina ' s revitalization project has been led by three talented freshman starters: Raymond Felton , Rashad McCants and Sean May.
With the Eagles ' final minicamp recently behind them , and with their training camp debut set for July 27 , McNabb has been shuttling between interviews , photo shoots and fund-raisers , mindful to keep football at the forefront. For McNabb , 24 , a third-year quarterback in the N. F. L. around whom the Eagles franchise is being built , a player with a 14-10 record as a starter who generated a head-turning playoff showing last season , fulfilling his demands is tricky business. Tread lightly , they say , when asking him about being booed by Eagles fans at the draft in 1999.
Mr. Salvaggio said that the repeated showings of the video inured him to its full horror. Mr. Salvaggio ' s solution can be found in " September 11th , 2001 , " a powerful digital artwork that he put online last month in the Net-art section of his nonsensically titled Web site , www. salsabomb. The new work is based on a sequence of 20 still frames taken from a video of the United Airlines jet flying into the World Trade Center ' s south tower. To reclaim the imagery ' s human dimension , Mr. Salvaggio has digitally composed each frame not from tiny dots of color , as is usually done , but from names culled from a list of the 2 , 800 dead and missing victims of the New York attacks.
Mariano Rivera was the last celebrity to meet reporters before Joe Torre ' s charity dinner in Manhattan last night , closing things out again. As the Yankees try to surround him with a deeper relief corps , Rivera is not paying attention. I don ' t know anything about baseball right now. " The Yankees had hoped that when Rivera showed up in Tampa , Fla. , for spring training , he would meet new teammates like B. J. Ryan and Scott Eyre , and possibly even an old friend in Tom Gordon. But Eyre is off the free-agent market , having signed with the Chicago Cubs on Thursday , and Torre , the Yankees ' manager , said he believed Ryan wanted to remain a closer rather than set up for Rivera.
WHAT had been a routinely sedate news media session suddenly became a raucous and family-like reunion yesterday when Cynthia Cooper bounded out the runway at Madison Square Garden , like a blazing Houston Comet across the New York sky. First the woman they call Coop hugged Sue Wicks , the veteran Liberty forward , once with feeling , a second time at a brassy cameraman ' s request. Finally , she and the equally mercurial Weatherspoon began pawing at each other , just as when they were roommates on national teams and they would conduct killer push-up contests on hotel room carpets until even they had exhausted themselves to the brink of sleep.
After his Giants played lethargically Saturday night in a 17-14 preseason loss to the Jets , Coach Jim Fassel was livid. The defense created no turnovers and made no sacks , and it often gave Vinny Testaverde , the Jets ' quarterback , too much time to pass. Jaret Holmes missed the Giants ' only field-goal attempt , from 44 yards. Rodney Williams outpunted the coverage , helping the Jets set up returns of 15 , 28 and 25 yards. Did Fassel find anything positive about the game ? But this week and next , some seasoned kickers are sure to be cut loose by teams , and the available free agents include such veterans as Morten Andersen and Al Del Greco.
On Dec. 4 , in the final disappointing stages of a dismal voyage on Leg 2 of the Volvo Ocean Race , the American offshore sailor Mark Rudiger sat down at the navigation station of his yacht , Assa Abloy , and began typing.  " The fault in our performance in the end is the responsibility of the navigator and the skipper , " he wrote. " On Wednesday -- on the holiday the Australians and the British call Boxing Day -- Rudiger will get an opportunity for redemption on the third leg of the around-the-world race from Sydney to Auckland , New Zealand.
Moments of perfection were scattered throughout Yankee Stadium yesterday , and they had little to do with the splendid sunshine , the blue skies or the hot pretzels , all pleasant touches. They had everything to do with David Wells , in a sharp 3-2 victory over the Royals , and with one more flashback to 1996 , when the Yankees were more nearly perfect than any other major league team. And he did not let his empty ring finger or his empty heart deter him on a day when the Yankees were finally given their World Series championship rings and when Wells spent his first Mother ' s Day without his mom.
Bill Belichick began the morning after winning his second championship as a head coach by confessing that Super Bowl XXXVIII had left him more drained than any of the more than 500 N. F. L. games he had been involved in. This , his fourth Patriots team , had already shown him that it could win in numerous ways , but some of what happened Sunday had to be extremely disturbing to him. The Carolina offense put pressure on the Patriots ' defense that was more than a bother , it was downright unsettling. *With 18 seconds left before halftime and Carolina at its 47-yard line , Stephen Davis bolted through the Patriots ' defense for a 21-yard gain that set up John Kasay ' s 50-yard field goal as time expired.
The Jets ' secondary is a mess not its playing , which was effective enough Sunday against the Miami Dolphins -- but its health. Steve Atwater , the free safety , missed two starts because of a strained hamstring , and his availability Sunday against the Dallas Cowboys ( 7-6 ) will be limited at best. Otis Smith , a starting cornerback , has missed the entire season because of a shoulder injury , and Kevin Williams , who plays cornerback and safety , had his season ended by a life-threatening virus. Now the patched-up secondary of the 5-8 Jets must contend with Troy Aikman of the Cowboys.
It is only the middle of January , but Andy Roddick ' s quarterfinal victory over Younes el-Aynaoui on a Wednesday night that turned into Thursday at the Australian Open could turn out to be the match of the year. Actually , it was five acts , all disguised as sets , with the most astonishing and dramatic plot twist saved for last. That made it the longest fifth set in men ' s singles in the 126 years of Grand Slam events , and when it finally ended , Roddick pitched forward onto his knees in a state of relief , exhaustion , joy and surprise that a match and character check that seemed perfectly capable of stretching on for another hour or more had somehow stumbled upon a conclusion.
com , could the smartest buy actually be the shares of the beleaguered Borders Group ? Last Monday , some of them were cheered by what the market perceived to be good news: Borders , the bookseller based in Ann Arbor , Mich. , hired a new chief executive: Gregory P. Josefowicz , formerly president of Jewel-Osco , a division of Albertson ' s , the supermarket giant. News of the appointment sent Borders shares up 6 percent in one day. Mr. Josefowicz replaced Philip Pfeffer , who resigned in April after only five months on the job , during which the stock price languished; Mr. Pfeffer previously was chief executive of Random House.
ELIMINATE Alan Greenspan. Of course , no one really wants to do away with Mr. Greenspan , the Federal Reserve chairman. But 14 years into Mr. Greenspan ' s tenure at the helm of the Fed , his once unblemished reputation has faded , albeit only slightly. The Fed ' s ability to raise and lower short-term interest rates is its primary control over the economy. An increase in rates raises borrowing costs for consumers and businesses , leading to deferred spending and slower growth and inflation. A cut in rates has the opposite effect. Mr. Greenspan ' s goal is to keep the economy growing as fast as possible without causing inflation to rise.
Latasha Byears had a season-high 23 points and grabbed 8 rebounds last night as the Sacramento Monarchs beat the Liberty , 76-69 , for their third straight victory after a nine-game losing streak. Bridgette Gordon had 19 points and Ruthie Bolton-Holifield added 15 points , 7 rebounds and 4 assists for the Monarchs ( 8-14 ) , who put together their first three-game winning streak of the Women ' s National Basketball Association season. Kym Hampton scored a season-high 17 points for the Liberty ( 15-6 ) and Vickie Johnson added 13. The Liberty ' s Rebecca Lobo was held to 7 points , on 2-of-6 shooting , and 1 rebound in 38 minutes.
But in the age of the Internet , where anyone with a modem can dispense financial wisdom and shift market tides , there are other questions raised about people like Daniel Miller , 15 , who maintains a stock-advice Web site. Propelled by a CNBC appearance last month , as well as a couple of stellar picks , his following has been growing so quickly that he is soliciting advertising for his site and considering charging admission. The day before , shares in Filtered Souls Entertainment Inc. , a small hip-hop record label in Canada , had risen 92 percent. And that , perhaps , was evidence of Mr. Miller ' s influence: He had discussed the company on the Silicon Investor site before he actually recommended it on his own.
To hear pundits , fans and sports talk-show hosts tell it , the Detroit Pistons are supposed to be in a stupor , dejected after losing Game 2 of the finals despite leading by 6 points with 36 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter. They scoff at such notions. They admitted being " crushed " immediately after the Los Angeles Lakers ' 99-91 overtime victory Tuesday night , which was keyed by Kobe Bryant ' s game-tying 3-pointer with 2. We went to Los Angeles and gave ourselves a chance to win two games against a great team , and that ' s the way we ' re going to look at it.
Shortly after the end of the Persian Gulf war in 1991 , the newly semi-autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq held a rare democratic election. The war broke the region , which calls itself Kurdistan , into two zones , each dominated by a single political party. Both have used torture , killings and kidnappings to achieve their political goals , many people here say. As American authorities consider how to build democracy in Iraq , they have repeatedly held up this region as a model. In a message to the Kurdish parliament , L. Paul Bremer III , the American in charge of administration in Iraq , said , " I am confident that the example you set , with free elections , will be an inspiration for the rest of the country. "
 " My biggest fear coming in was , would I be able to click on that intense focus I have ? Johnson , Devers and shot-putter Christian Cantwell ( 69 feet 9 3/4 inches ) became world leaders. Johnson received the Fred Schmertz Trophy as the meet ' s outstanding performer. There were lesser-known men ' s winners: Hudson de Souza of Brazil in the Wanamaker Mile ( 4 minutes 2. In new 60-meter races for New York high schools , JALEEL DAVIS of Boys and Girls in Brooklyn won the boys ' race in 7. 74.
The 32-year-old Green never overcame a neck injury suffered in the season ' s opener , and was placed on injured reserve today. Green is likely to undergo neck surgery , and his absence will reinstall Fred Baxter as the No. 1 tight end. But it will also give Blake Spence -- one of the Parcells Five -- another chance. This game is also important to the Giants , who need a Jets ' victory to aid their playoff quest *Dorian Boose , the club ' s top draft pick of 1998 whose play on the defensive line has been limited.
Two weeks ago , after sailing neck-and-neck for 5 , 000 nautical miles from Rio de Janeiro through the sweltering equatorial doldrums , the Movistar sailing vessel ghosted across the finish line in Baltimore in second place , ending the fifth of 10 legs in the around-the-world Volvo Ocean Race. Researchers from Johns Hopkins Medical School greeted him at the dock and whisked away the specimens for testing. The results helped Brovender determine individual rest and recovery plans for the sailors , vital strategies designed to bring them up to full strength for Sunday ' s 400-nautical-mile dash from Annapolis , Md.
EIGHT months ago , Maurice Clarett scored the winning touchdown in the second overtime of the Fiesta Bowl to propel Ohio State to a 31-24 victory over Miami and an undisputed national championship. Now I feel Ohio State should entertain the possibility of returning the championship trophy. Earlier this week , Clarett was suspended by Ohio State for the remainder of the football season for violations the university said it uncovered during a two-and-a-half-month investigation. A. bylaws that make it illegal for players to receive preferential treatment based on athletic reputation or skills and that require players to be truthful and cooperative with investigators.
In its last visit to the Winter Olympic Games , the United States men ' s hockey team made a distinct impression. Many of the same Americans , four years older and perhaps more mature , will again wear the red , white and blue in 2002 when National Hockey League players again perform for their countries in Salt Lake City. Of the 10 Americans announced yesterday , nine were veterans of the 1998 adventure. One of them was Brian Leetch of the Rangers , also the only defenseman named. The only new face was Chris Drury of the Colorado Avalanche.
And why not allow a bit of a smile -- even tears -- in the locker room where the Jets were celebrating their 17-10 victory over the Buffalo Bills , having become American Football Conference East champions after having won only one game only two seasons ago. And they did it in Parcells ' s second season with memories remaining among the players of the 1996 team that went 1-15 , a season when fans who spelled out J-E-T-S claimed it stood for " Just End the Season. " Equally impressive , the Jets secured a first-round bye last night when Jacksonville lost at Minnesota , 50-10.
It has been just over a year since their Wellington boots last sloshed about on these shores , and it ' s not as though that trip -- billed as their first official overseas tour since being married in April 2005 -- came off so smashingly that they , or an adoring American public , ought to be crying out for another. During that trip , in early November 2005 , The New York Post ridiculed Charles for failing to make eye contact with his wife throughout a 9/11 memorial event in Lower Manhattan ( " maybe they ' ve just grown accustomed to sneaking around " ) ; and in The Washington Post , Tina Brown , ostensibly praising Camilla , wrote: " She ' s smaller , prettier , more delicate than all those cruel horseface snaps would have you believe. "
RUSSELL ROBERTSON was grappling with an unusual assignment. In fact , while the idea may have once sounded ridiculous , predictions of the advent of such devices are now becoming almost cliched. News articles champion the coming era of " smart " appliances and " pervasive " or " ubiquitous " computing. Engineers have demonstrated how once-dumb machines , if embedded with tiny computers , might communicate wirelessly and embark on tasks like making coffee or ordering groceries. Some manufacturers , like Merloni , an Italian company , have already started to sell a few products. It appears that the age of " things that think , " a phrase that emerged from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ' s Media Laboratory in 1995 , is nearly upon us.
The Nets did not make any roster moves yesterday before leaving for Cincinnati for tonight ' s final exhibition game. The Nets assumed a small financial burden , possibly up to $10 , 000 , since it takes 48 business hours for players to clear waivers. The team must pay whomever they eventually waive a prorated fee for two days , or one day if they choose to waive a player today. The rookie free agents Stephen Jackson and Kevin Freeman , along with the four-year journeyman guard Kevin Ollie are vying for the final roster spot. The team ' s second-round draft pick , 7-foot Soumaila Samake , has a partly guaranteed contract.
And his eyes -- his wide , brown , doe-like eyes -- are filled with compassion , understanding , serenity.  " At halftime , " Chris Childs said -- referring to Friday night ' s game when the Knicks trailed the Heat in Game 6 at Madison Square Garden , and had been booed with a profound and insightful passion by their adoring fans -- " Allan came into the locker room all emotional. In typical understated fashion , he seems to have emerged , like the top patriarch in the Eastern Orthodox Church , first among equals. The Knicks , with others like Latrell Sprewell , Larry Johnson , Patrick Ewing and Ward picking up the pace with shots , steals and rebounds , chopped the deficit , amazingly , to 4 , back up to 7 on an Anthony Carter 3-pointer , but Houston had the last word in the period , hitting a spinning , fadeaway jump shot seconds before quarter ' s end.
In recent years , though , nature has struck back: a mysterious virus has teamed up with disruptive weather patterns to kill more than half the oysters in the world ' s busiest undersea factory. But those supplies are running short , and suddenly -- just in time for prom and wedding season -- pearl prices are shooting up. Luxury chains like Tiffany &amp; Company as well as small , family-owned jewelers like Wilson &amp; Son in Scarsdale , N. Y. , have been forced to raise prices , in some cases by as much as 25 percent , for top-quality strands.
The Chicago Bulls ' Dennis Rodman has become a curiosity once again. After Coach Phil Jackson spent three days pumping up his enigmatic forward to play well against the Utah Jazz ' s Karl Malone , Rodman surfaced from the locker room with a surprise injury tonight. Jackson had planned to start Luc Longley on Malone and bring Rodman off the bench to irritate the Jazz star in Game 1 of the finals. Though Malone still outmuscled him to several rebounds , Rodman grabbed his share , even with his right hand taped. Although there was no mention of Rodman ' s injury until game time , it apparently occurred in Game 7 of Chicago ' s series-ending victory against Indiana.
William A. Andres , who led the Dayton Hudson Corporation ' s expansion from a regional department store chain to a national retailing powerhouse , died Wednesday of lymphoma in Fort Myers , Fla. Under the leadership of Mr. Andres from 1976 through the sharp recession of the early 1980 ' s , Dayton Hudson grew from 400 stores to more than 1 , 000 , and its revenues tripled to $5. 6 billion. In 1978 , a Forbes cover article said Mr. Andres was " analytical and has a reputation for getting to the heart of matters quickly and decisively. "
The rapid downfall of the Enron Corporation is likely to hasten the end of California ' s freewheeling experiment in energy deregulation , industry executives and government officials said today. But in this state , where the state treasury was drained and the biggest utility was left bankrupt by an ill-conceived deregulation plan , various people saw a kind of rough justice in Enron ' s getting its comeuppance.  " Enron was the flagship for deregulation , " said Carl Wood , a member of California ' s Public Utilities Commission and an opponent of deregulation. Analysts and utility executives agreed that Enron ' s meltdown would have little effect on the state ' s power supply , which costly state power contracts and a slumping economy have rendered ample.
Montclair unveiled a passing offense that the Mounties had hid through their first four games , marching 80 yards in five pass plays. Bergen Catholic , accustomed to its opponents being sky high , answered back and did not stop until it had built a 23-point lead on the way to handing Montclair its first loss of the season , 30-15. Bergen Catholic is being regarded as the top team in New Jersey for the second straight season , and is ranked No. Two weeks ago they beat a Don Bosco Prep team that is ranked second only to Bergen Catholic in the state ' s Parochial Group IV ranking by 21-7.
Antitrust officials at the European Commission have drafted a final ruling in their six-year case against Microsoft , people close to the commission said on Monday. The draft ruling , which was not made public , was circulated within the commission last week , according to a person who insisted on not being identified. Another person , who is also close to the case , said , " As far as the competition department is concerned , the ruling is final. " Other departments of the commission are free to comment , but they generally would not alter an antitrust ruling in any substantive way , this person said.
Yesterday , the Federal Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted a request from Ms. Stewart to give her trial judge , Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum , the option to change her sentence. The court has given the same consideration to any defendant sentenced before Jan. 1 who has asked for it , said Megan Gaffney , a spokeswoman for the office of the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York. In sentencing Ms. Stewart last year , Judge Cedarbaum said the sentencing guidelines were mandatory , and gave Ms. Stewart , who was convicted of lying to prosecutors about a 2001 stock sale , a sentence at the lower end of the guidelines: five months in jail and five months under home confinement.
President Bush has pardoned 113 people during his presidency , including a Tennessee bootlegger and a Mississippi odometer cheat. But none has drawn the public scrutiny , nor posed the same political challenge , as the candidate that many conservatives hope will be Bush presidential pardon No. 114: I. Lewis Libby Jr. , the former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney , who was convicted of lying to investigators in the C. I. A pardon for Mr. Libby would attract more painful attention to a case from which Mr. Bush had managed to keep his distance for more than three years , a case inextricably linked to the flawed intelligence used to justify the Iraq war and an administration effort to discredit a critic that ultimately exposed a C. I.
One hundred fifty-six of the world ' s best golfers teed off. The average score was 78. The highest winning British Open score of the last 50 years was Gary Player ' s 289 , also at Carnoustie in 1968 , but that mark is clearly in jeopardy. The last time that no golfer was able to shoot under par during a round of the British Open occurred in 1986 , at Turnberry , Scotland , in both the first and third rounds. In the United States since World War II , there has never been a round in the Masters and the P. G. A. Championship in which a golfer has failed to break par.
The Rolando Paulino All-Stars from the Bronx have won their first two games in the Little League regional championships in Bristol , Conn. , bringing them one step closer to their goal of the Little League World Series in Williamsport , Pa. The team of 11- and 12-year-old boys , which recently won the New York State tournament , defeated a team from Washington , 14-0 , yesterday. On Sunday , Danny Almonte and Rolando Torres combined to pitch a perfect game as Rolando Paulino defeated a team from Wilmington , Del. Rolando Paulino is playing with five other teams from Mid-Atlantic states in the regional tournament.
When his psoriasis is at its worst , David G. Metz has a silvery scale covering his entire body except the soles of his feet. " The biotechnology industry is taking aim at psoriasis , a chronic disease that affects an estimated seven million Americans and , in its more serious forms , is far more physically and psychologically devastating than the mere cosmetic disease it is often thought to be. About 30 companies , mainly biotechnology concerns , have psoriasis drugs in clinical trials , according to the National Psoriasis Foundation. In a race for the lead are two industry giants and longtime rivals -- Biogen and Genentech , both of which have drugs that could reach the market in two or three years.
North Carolina could not wait to play Sunday and , as Coach Roy Williams put it , finally get rid of a sour taste. 19 Connecticut , 77-70 , before a capacity crowd of 16 , 294 at the Hartford Civic Center. Felton , who directed the Tar Heels ( 20-3 ) when they failed to get off a shot in the final seconds against Duke on Wednesday , scored 16 points. May added 16 points and 13 rebounds in a run-and-gun game. North Carolina forward Jawad Williams scored a team-high 17 points , and swingman Rashad McCants shrugged off flu-like symptoms and scored 15 points , including 11 in the second half.
After spending the week facing questions on how they would rebound from their disappointing loss to New England , the Jets turned in a commanding 41-14 victory over Miami on Monday night , their most complete game of the season. The Jets ' wide receivers , who had caught only one touchdown all season , caught two on Monday. The linemen put pressure on Dolphins quarterback Jay Fiedler all game , sacking him four times. The secondary held the Miami receivers to 218 yards and intercepted two of Fiedler ' s passes. It was precisely the kind of victory that the Jets needed to wash the taste of last week ' s loss to the Patriots out of their mouths.
JOHN H. PARK , who runs the $100 million Liberty Acorn Twenty fund , isn ' t overly concerned about labels like growth and value. We tend to shift between growth and value stocks depending on where they are in the cycle. " Despite high fees , the fund has soundly beaten its peer group. The fund has imposed a 5. 75 percent front-end load , or service charge , on its Class A shares since October 2000 , when the Liberty Financial Companies acquired Wanger Asset Management , which advises the fund. Liberty ' s asset management business was acquired by FleetBoston Financial in November.
With two regular defensemen already out of the lineup with injuries , the Rangers could not afford to lose any more , especially in a game with serious implications for the playoff race. But one went down , early , against the Boston Bruins today in the Fleet Center. He was Ulf Samuelsson , knocked unconscious and bleeding from the face , by Ken Belanger ' s vicious board check. But they did , for about a minute , when Brian Leetch limped to the locker room after blocking a shot with his right leg while killing a penalty near the end of the second period.
As change settles over Iraqi society , one of the quieter shifts in the nuts and bolts of life is happening in school. Across the country , teachers are discarding portions of history books , abandoning " patriotic education " classes , and in some cases taking down flags. Teachers say they are glad to be rid of lessons that extol the virtues of Mr. Hussein.  " Put your enemy before your eyes , " one of Mr. Hussein ' s sayings goes. " Kamal Mustafa , a religion teacher at Syamend ' s school in the Askari neighborhood on the outskirts of the northern city of Kirkuk , said " When someone has the flu he needs three days to rest , but we ' ve had the flu for 35 years.
The mouse that had filled the drawer with seed was not merely an industrious creature , it was also a patient , ingenious one that quite clearly had a plan. Until I opened that drawer , I didn ' t even know that the mouse existed. I ' ve pretty much felt this way since I blasted a red squirrel out of a butternut tree from my bathroom window a few years back. The squirrel ' s large , dark eye was still moist , but the luster faded from it rapidly. It was a beautifully and fully realized creature , whose only crime had been the overabundance of energy , curiosity and industriousness that is the endowment of the breed.
In the past six months the Chinese Government has carried out the most systematic crackdown on political rights since the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. Dozens of democratic activists have been arrested , hundreds more have been detained , and three leaders , Xu Wenli , Wang Youcai and Qin Yongmin , have been sentenced to long prison terms. It was Mr. Clinton who last year emboldened Chinese democrats to press their Government for modest reforms. At the June summit in Beijing , the President declared that free speech , free association and freedom of religion were " the right of people everywhere and should be protected by their governments. "
No such scenario has ever been proved , and Jordan has never been charged with doing anything illegal. He faces accusations that , if true , could put him in prison before he breaks Hank Aaron ' s career home run record. Income tax evasion , money laundering , evading federal banking laws and perjury are on the roster of charges Bonds could face if a woman named Kimberly Bell , who identifies herself as his ex-girlfriend , proves to be telling the truth. These matters are far more serious than steroids use and would result in far more serious penalties than a 10-day suspension for testing positive for steroids.
After much deliberation , ABC decided last week to bring back its long-running but recently struggling drama " The Practice , " and even flew the show ' s stars to New York to parade them in front of advertisers during its presentation of its new fall season. The decision to make wholesale cast changes in a show after seven years is highly unusual , but according to several people involved with the show , it reflected both the dismal season " The Practice " endured and a conclusion by Mr. Kelley , the show ' s creator , that he needed to make significant creative changes.
The Digital Equipment Corporation ended a difficult year on a positive note yesterday , reporting quarterly operating earnings that more than doubled from a year earlier. But the company ' s revenues shrank nearly 7 percent over the same time while the rest of the information technology industry was booming. , had net income of $124 million , or 75 cents a share , during its fiscal fourth quarter , compared with a loss of $433 million , or $2. However , excluding a $492 million restructuring charge , the company earned $59 million , or 33 cents a share , in last year ' s fiscal fourth quarter.
Stock prices tumbled yesterday in the third consecutive session of volatile trading. The Dow Jones industrial average , after falling 50 points in the first hour of trading , soared 100 points higher by noon , only to plunge 180 points from its peak in an afternoon selloff. In late trading , however , those losses were pared , so that by the time the volatile session was over , the Dow stood just 68. 08 points below where it began the day , closing at 7 , 689. But the damage , mostly to the psyches of everyday traders and investors , was evident.
SO what it boils down to , the mad scientist was asked -- after a dazzling , dizzying disquisition tumbling through DNA , genomes , phylogeny , taxonomy , sequence matching , time warps , string edits , macromolecules , trilobites and later arthropods , ray tracing problems , how you can tell which medieval monastery a manuscript was copied in by the errors , mostly spelling , the monks kept making and the 280 powerful slave servers chained together in the basement -- is that lobsters and bugs are related ? This is a very big deal at the American Museum of Natural History , where the cheerful , fast-talking Dr. Wheeler , 37 , is co-director of the Molecular Systematics Laboratories , curator of invertebrate zoology and a cutting-edge researcher on the origin and evolution of the species.
The National Football League commissioner was angry because game officials missed a crucial call on the final play of the Giants-San Francisco 49ers playoff game 10 days ago. The Pittsburgh coach was angry because he thought the officials made an unwarranted call at the end of the Steelers ' playoff loss to Tennessee last Saturday. With the N. F. L. ' s showcase games approaching -- the conference championships on Sunday and the Super Bowl a week later -- there is agitation and concern among many people in the N. F. L. about the intense spotlight on its officiating , and how it has distracted attention from the four teams vying for the championship -- Philadelphia , Tampa Bay , Tennessee and Oakland.
A small California computer company announced this month that its revenues fell 30 percent in the latest quarter , not because of slow sales , but because of a new accounting rule that could soon affect the bottom lines of high-technology companies across the nation. The company , Creative Computer Applications Inc. , which is based in Calabasas , is one of the first to begin applying the rule and said it did so to get the bad news out of the way. I think they are wrong. " The rule , which has caused a stir in the high-technology industry , requires companies to postpone revenues on certain software sales if all the promised components and services have not yet been provided.
If the crowd in the Hartwell arena had been scoring the pairs competition at the world figure skating championships tonight , there is no doubt who would have had the highest marks: Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo of China. The nine judges took a different view , awarding the gold to the defending world champions , Yelena Berezhnaya and Anton Sikharulidze of Russia. The judges agreed , and though eight of the nine gave the Chinese higher marks for technical merit , eight of the nine gave the Russians higher marks for presentation. Poland also won its first medal in pairs at a world championships when Dorota Zagorska and Mariusz Siudek took the bronze.
Coach Byron Scott of the Nets waited anxiously for his players to clear the air and disprove his insult tonight. Tonight , against the Milwaukee Bucks , Scott watched his team play with heart early , but then saw them play without their brains. Forgetting their game plan to double-team Milwaukee forward Glenn Robinson , the Nets allowed the aptly named Big Dog free range to rip out whatever heart they might have showed tonight. It was the Nets ' largest margin of defeat this season. As Robinson helped give the Bucks a 23-point lead entering the fourth quarter , the Nets looked somber , all but accepting their fourth straight defeat.
However , Dave Brower , who sets the morning line to guide bettors , made The Panderosa ( paired in the betting with his stablemate , Stutzpan ) the 2-1 favorite and Badlands Hanover the second choice at 7-2.  " I don ' t think their post positions make any difference , " Brower said. " The 23d annual Meadowlands Pace for 3-year-old pacers is one of only three million-dollar races in harness racing. The others are the Hambletonian for 3-year-old trotters , scheduled for Aug. 7 at the Meadowlands , and the North American Cup for 3-year-old pacers , which was held June 26 at Woodbine near Toronto and was won by The Panderosa.
IN the spring of 1996 , the zealous new Republican majority in Congress persuaded President Clinton to sign a farm bill intended to wean American farmers from the government subsidies on which they had relied so heavily for so long. 3 billion a year -- and today ' s budget surpluses were not yet a gleam in even the most optimistic eye -- it seemed like a good idea. 7 billion , more than triple the pre-overhaul level , accounting for 40 percent of farmers ' net cash income. That 1996 bill , the Freedom to Farm Act , began the shift from New Deal-era price-support programs to a more free-market approach at a time when crop prices were at 10-year highs.
The Los Angeles Dodgers dealt a serious blow to the Yankees ' salary arbitration case with Bernie Williams , reaching agreement with outfielder Raul Mondesi last night on a four-year , $36 million contract. The $9 million annual average of Mondesi ' s contract is the figure Williams submitted for arbitration; the Yankees are in at $7. Mondesi , who has one year less of major league experience than Williams , had been seeking 5 million in arbitration to the Dodgers ' $5. Mondesi hit. The Dodgers gave Mondesi a $2 million signing bonus and salaries of $5 million , $8.
The answer to the question may have won one of the seven championship races on Saturday , when 51 , 161 people gathered and bet a record total of $81 million. Or was it a horse that didn ' t even run in the Breeders ' Cup because of injury , maybe the 3-year-old Silver Charm , winner of the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness , or the 5-year-old Gentlemen , winner of the Pimlico Special , the Hollywood Gold Cup and the Pacific Classic ? Patrick Byrne , the trainer of Favorite Trick as well as Countess Diana , who also set a record while winning the Juvenile Fillies by 8 1/2 lengths , clung to the belief that his unbeaten 2-year-old might be the Horse of the Year.
Eminem ' s not cracking open the head of Triumph , the Insult Comic Dog , was about the only instance when something was not shattered at this year ' s MTV Music Video Awards. The show , televised on Thursday night from Radio City Music Hall , set a record for viewing levels for MTV , and drew more viewers than any other show on basic-cable channels this year. This year ' s awards reached just under 12 million people , more than highly popular telecasts like N. F. L. football on ESPN and the N. B. 7 million viewers watched the show last year.
John Paul II arrived in India today to meet with the Roman Catholic bishops of Asia at a time when anti-Christian sentiment and violence among Hindu fundamentalists is at its highest in decades. During the last weeks and days , Hindu fundamentalist groups have held protests , demanding a papal apology for massacres by Portuguese colonists in the 16th century , as well as an end of Christian conversions. The Vatican chose New Delhi to close the synod of Asian bishops. In Asia , Catholics remain a tiny minority , mostly ignored but sometimes , as in China , persecuted. In India , 17 million Catholics account for only about 2 percent of the population , yet the vast country has the largest population of Catholics in Asia after the Philippines , a country John Paul has visited twice.
TO Jared R. Yaffe , a telecommunications executive , the phrase T. G. I. F. -- thank God it ' s Friday -- has no special significance. Is the industrial age invention of the weekend going the way of the rotary dial telephone ? In a global economy and a consumer society that demand nonstop service , many more people are working outside the traditional 9-to-5 weekday schedule. At least one-fourth of the country ' s 130 million workers toil on Saturdays , Sundays or all weekend for their main jobs , according to the latest data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
They were two of the top-rated teams in the country. The youngbloods , Seton Hall , were undefeated in five games and ranked seventh in the nation , playing Illinois , with a 6-2 record and ranked ninth , in Assembly Hall. With 6 minutes 47 seconds left in regulation , Cory Bradford hit a 15-foot jump shot to put Illinois ahead , 59-57 , for the first time since early on. Seton Hall stumbled , bumbled , had a series of turnovers on charges and bad passes , but was able to regain the lead. He strained a tendon in his right knee on Monday in the team ' s victory against Norfolk State.
More than a few experts have credited the search engine with the taming of the World Wide Web ' s vast frontier. But with the Web now firmly established as the most important computer development since point and click , the search engines -- and today there are dozens of them -- are grappling with the fact that , well , there are simply too many of them. Over the last few months , several of the largest search services , in an attempt to differentiate themselves , have taken a cue from television to organize their services into programming categories.
She argued with the chair umpire over a slew of questionable calls and , more destructively , she argued with her own game , the same game that made her the world ' s No. Two points away from being bounced out of the opening round of the Chase Championships for the second consecutive year , Davenport , although assured of finishing 1998 at No. 1 , reminded herself how irritable she would be if she let her year finish on an unflattering note. So pride of ownership , one of the intangibles that seems to tag along with the top ranking , prevented a first-round fall last night at Madison Square Garden.
For almost five years it was an exhilarating ride , as the American Skiing Company grew from a single Maine resort in 1994 to nine in New England and the Rockies. Hotels bought , condos built , new snow machines and gondolas installed: The company was pumping millions into its strategy of rapidly building itself into a giant in winter recreation. Unusually warm weather in the East combined with a dry spell in the West in the first few months of the 1998-99 season to keep trails bare and cash registers empty. And the cracks that soon appeared in American Skiing ' s financial results call into question the wisdom of barreling ahead so fast in an industry that depends so profoundly on Mother Nature ' s fickle graces.
There he was at midcourt , hollering , urging the crowd to cheer , celebrating his blocked shot against Tim Hardaway that helped to seal the Knicks ' 77-73 victory over the Miami Heat yesterday. Yesterday was the best game of the playoffs for Ewing -- 25 points , 11 rebounds and the blocked shot against Hardaway in the closing seconds that protected a 3-point lead. By winning Game 3 , the Knicks took a 2-1 lead in the four-of-seven-game series , with Game 4 to be played tonight at Madison Square Garden. So as the Knicks continue their quest to go where Ewing has never gone before , his newer teammates have got a sense of how much winning means to their All-Star center.
It has been an eight-year hiatus for the Worrell 1000 , a grueling catamaran race along 1 , 000 miles of coastline from Florida to Virginia. But now it ' s back , with 13 teams expecting to push off from the beach tomorrow at Fort Lauderdale , Fla. But you have to accept that you ' re a human being. The fleet of 20-foot catamarans , each with two crew members , is scheduled to finish the 13-day ocean marathon May 17 at Virginia Beach. With 12 checkpoints along the way , the schedule calls for mostly daylight sailing. Lightning storms , gale-force winds and shoals lined with sandbars and rocks are common obstacles along the way.
Bob Watson is proud of his accomplishments in baseball , but he has grown weary of one aspect. " From the day in 1988 when John McMullen , then the owner of the Houston Astros , hired him as his assistant general manager , Watson has worked his way through a series of firsts. But the former general manager of the Yankees and the Houston Astros has yet another first he could attain. He could become the first member of a minority group to be a club owner who is involved in the day-to-day operation of the team. Watson , out of baseball since he left the Yankees 15 months ago , is part of one of two groups that are trying to buy the Oakland Athletics.
The Giants did not practice well this morning , and when that two-hour session was over , Coach Jim Fassel gathered his team before him and said: " That was a 6-10 practice. You keep practicing like that and you ' ll be 6-10 again. " But he was firing some salvos across the bow of the good and placid Giants ship , which has sailed happily through this 1997 training camp.  " I don ' t know what their standards have been for a practice around here , " Fassel said today of his players. " But we are going to raise the expectations for a practice.
TIGER WOODS has not already won the British Open that begins today. Woods is naturally the favorite , at 7-4 in the local betting shops , after winning 6 of golf ' s last 9 majors and 7 of the last 11. But other golfers won those other majors. And don ' t be surprised if another golfer escapes the knee-high rough swaying in the breeze off the Firth of Forth and wins at Muirfield in this 131st Open Championship , as the British Open is formally known. That other golfer could be Phil Mickelson , Sergio García , Ernie Els , Davis Love III , Padraig Harrington or even a relative stranger to the leader board -- an Alf Perry , perhaps.
The early start portion of the marathon , which had been a cause for great hand-wringing last year , went remarkably smoother in its second year. The New York Road Runners Club ' s handling of the early start , which allows runners who have physical disabilities , like blindness , to start the race up to two hours ahead of the pack , was heavily criticized last year. Although there was still some vehicular traffic on the course at the start of the race , the volunteer guides for the blind runners were much better trained this year , and no major problems were reported.
The day after his inauguration , President Bush sat for an official portrait , taken by a Los Angeles Times photographer named Paul Morse. What was a Times photographer doing taking official White House photographs ? In some respects , he was following in the footsteps of better-known photographers like David Hume Kennerly , who left journalism temporarily to work in Gerald Ford ' s White House.  " This is a pretty ridiculous conflict of interest , " said Dean Baquet , the managing editor of The Los Angeles Times and a former national editor of The New York Times. "
In a Colts jacket , Colts shorts and white sneakers , Polian , the club president hired after the 1997 season , had interrupted the search for the bus passes at the team ' s beach hotel here Thursday to recall the decisions that assembled much of the American Football Conference championship team that will oppose the Bears today in Super Bowl XLI. One draft decision will always ring loud and clear: the choice that year between the quarterbacks Peyton Manning and Ryan Leaf. Manning is now the N. F. L. ' s best passer , the Colts ' face and arm.
THE HOLY GRAIL Imagination and Belief By Richard Barber Illustrated. 464 pages. Harvard University Press. 95. The Holy Grail has become a popular metaphor for elusive perfection , for the most exalted or unattainable object of one ' s desire. Scientists talk of the possibility of finding a theory of everything -- that would unify general relativity and quantum mechanics -- as the holy grail of physics. Marketers talk of interactive , targeted commercials as the holy grail of advertising. And the digerati talk of the development of intelligent machines as one of technology ' s holy grails. In his fascinating if long-winded new book , the British medieval scholar Richard Barber examines how the concept of the Holy Grail evolved: from a literary device to an explicitly Christian symbol to its present-day incarnation as an all-purpose object of a quest.
Dwight Gooden was visibly uncomfortable discussing the possibility that he might replace David Cone and start Game 4 of the division series before the Yankees announced the switch. Once they did , Gooden displayed his excitement about his first post-season start since 1988 , when he was with the Mets. It is a pressure-packed spot because Gooden will either be trying to clinch the series or trying to keep the Yankees alive for a fifth game. 88 e. r. a. against Cleveland in his career. 25 e. r. a. in seven post-season games with the Mets. " When Gooden takes the mound on Sunday , he will have pitched just one inning in the previous 10 days.
But he has pushed through a raft of moves in recent days , a sign that he may be playing an even more central role in Indonesia ' s efforts to restore its shaky public and private finances. On Monday , at Mr. Ramli ' s urging , President Abdurrahman Wahid , who is himself struggling to cling to power , replaced the chairman of the Indonesian Bank Restructuring Agency. The agency is supposed to dispose of $50 billion in assets it took over from the country ' s ruined banks. Mr. Ramli noted that the agency , known as IBRA , had sold off only 20 percent of the assets under its control.
WARREN E. BUFFETT , the chief executive of Berkshire Hathaway , is known for his concentrated bets on big brand- name companies with solid franchises. So why has Mr. Buffett , the sage of Omaha , put his own money in a lackluster closed-end fund by the name of Baker , Fentress &amp; Company , founded over 100 years ago , which is in liquidation ? Mr. Buffett ' s purchase of almost 2. 3 percent of the fund , was disclosed in July in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. ( Mr. Buffett is often granted waivers from the S. E. C. that allow him to delay disclosure of his stock purchases for a year.
Citrus is hot , and so is fig. A glut of products and increasingly expensive marketing have transformed this business in recent years into a cutthroat marketing war. Battles are waged through scented magazine advertisements , and the score depends on how long a perfume survives. What distinguishes a perfume that lasts for generations , like Chanel No. -- is a complicated and often intangible alchemy of science , advertising and market research. The fragrance industry dumps millions of dollars into all these elements each year , only to find that four out of five new scents die at the counter.
The Nets were charging. Jason Kidd had just made a backdoor layup , Kerry Kittles had hit a 3-pointer , and the Nets , down by 11 points moments earlier , were within 4 with three minutes to play. When Kenyon Martin , an offensive force all night , drove the lane , the Nets appeared ready to rally to victory tonight. Undaunted , the Nets kept coming: Lucious Harris made two foul shots , Aaron Williams threw down a resounding dunk and this time the San Antonio Spurs ' lead was down to 2. And at times , it did look easy for the Spurs to shut down the Nets.
The first New York-bred to win the Kentucky Derby will break from the No. 4 hole , and the track ' s oddsmaker , Don LaPlace , made him a 1-1 , or even money , favorite to become the first gelding to win the Triple Crown. While a crowded field puts a premium on luck and tactics , especially in a mile-and-a-half race like the Belmont , small fields have been kind to powerful horses with high cruising speeds like Funny Cide. Six of the last eight Triple Crown winners led at every call in the Belmont Stakes , including the last four winners.
Major League Baseball , which has labored for several seasons under suspicion that some of its star players were using steroids , said Thursday that in the first year of testing for steroids more than 5 percent of players ' tests were positive. As a result , stricter testing standards will go into effect next year. From 5 to 7 percent of the 1 , 438 random , anonymous tests of players on major league teams ' 40-man rosters this year were positive , baseball said , triggering testing for the 2004 season that could result in penalties against players. Though the number of positive tests ranged from 70 to 100 , it was unclear how many players tested positive.
Barbara Schwartz of Austria , a quarterfinalist at the 1999 French Open , outlasted Martina Muller of Germany , 5-7 , 6-3 , 7-6 ( 3 ) yesterday in Crotona Park to win her first title since coming back from an elbow injury that had sidelined her for almost 18 months. In the following match , Bjorn Phau of Germany won the men ' s final over Andy Ram of Israel , 6-2 , 6-4 , for his first professional title. Schwartz ' s serve , which had been stellar throughout the tournament , deserted her midway through the first set , and she looked to be in trouble early in the second set when her serve was broken in the first game.
But more than that , the ugly confrontation has been made into a referendum on the popularity of a game whose star power has been largely driven by African-American athletes who have become millionaires. His membership , despite earning a total of a billion dollars , according to Hunter ' s calculation , has never been able to act with unity to challenge owners and make them feel the collective power of its muscle , unlike baseball players and the union that represents them. I don ' t have a whole lot of Muhammad Alis around , guys willing to sacrifice for the well-being of the group. "
Martin Brodeur has already played 18 of the Devils ' first 21 games this season. Chris Terreri , his understudy , has started only three games -- and won all three. At the rate he is going , and with the way the schedule works out for the Devils , look for Brodeur to play 70 of 82 games.  " There is no goaltending issue here , " Coach Robbie Ftorek said when asked about his goaltending tandem. " Ftorek said that last season ' s number of 70 games was just about perfect for Brodeur , who reminds regular followers of the Devils that he would like to play every game if possible.
In contrast to the well-oiled machinery of United States women ' s soccer on and off the field , the simple act of catching the Mexican team bus can turn into an action movie. The Mexican team found itself stranded at its training center , miles from the stadium. But Hill and her colleagues , given the chance to play in women ' s soccer ' s premier event , are not complaining. Eligibility rules have always been an elastic -- and sometimes abused -- aspect of international soccer. FIFA , the sport ' s world governing body , limits every player ' s career to one national team.
His firm , Thomas H. Lee Partners , had just wrapped up the final details of its most prominent and perhaps riskiest deal ever: a stunning $2. 6 billion buyout of Warner Music led by Wall Street ' s favorite whipping boy , Edgar Bronfman Jr. After all , the music industry is plagued by piracy , mired in a three-year sales slump and may be in what some describe as a death spiral. His reputation as a financial steward has been the butt of jokes ever since he sold his family ' s liquor empire , Seagram , to Vivendi in 2000 , only to watch the whole thing nearly implode.
If the weather is the X factor in Saturday ' s 128th running of the Travers Stakes , it is not bothering David Hofmans , the trainer of the favorite , Awesome Again. Hofmans may have lost the top 3-year-old colt in the country , Touch Gold , who won the Belmont Stakes and the Haskell Invitational but was withdrawn from the Travers because of a cut on his left front foot , but the trainer simply promoted his understudy to first string. " Neither Awesome Again nor any of his seven rivals in the Travers ran in the Triple Crown series , which is a novelty in itself.
The lengthy mating dance among European stock exchanges may be entering its final whirl , as a potential American takeover of the London Stock Exchange has driven two rival exchange operators , Euronext and Deutsche Börse , into serious merger talks. On Wednesday , Deutsche Börse welcomed Euronext ' s expression of interest in striking a deal that would create a pan-European company with a dominant franchise in derivatives trading. Deutsche Börse , which operates the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , wants a merger of equals that would create " a global market leader in the industry. " It would be the world ' s largest market for futures and options trading.
Final Four a month ago , and will now try to catch on with the Giants. Lewis was not among the 255 players selected in the two-day N. F. L. draft over the weekend. The Giants signed him as a free agent after the draft. Starting May 13 , when the Giants conduct a rookie minicamp for their seven draft choices and the players they signed after the draft , the team will see how well Lewis can block as an offensive tackle or , perhaps , catch as a tight end. Converting players from other sports is not a new tack for the N. F. L. For years , the preferred targets were track stars like the sprinters-turned-receivers Bob Hayes and Renaldo Nehemiah.
In an effort to raise the level of marathon running in the United States , the Boston-based New Balance Athletic Shoe Inc. , announced yesterday that it would award $1 million to the American man or woman who can break the existing national records in the 26.  " We ' re an American company , and it bothers us that in the past few years , you go to Boston or New York and it ' s always someone from another country who wins , " said Jim Davis , the president and chief executive of New Balance , who announced the million-dollar challenge yesterday in Manhattan. "
Maels Rodriguez , a hard-throwing right-hander , and second baseman Yobal Duenas defected from Cuba last Saturday and are seeking asylum in an undisclosed country , following the route of previous Cuban defectors who went on to make millions in major league baseball. Cuba left him off its roster for this summer ' s Pan American Games , and Oquendo and other scouts suspected it was out of fear he would defect. Rodriguez was a workhorse in Cuba. He set Cuba ' s season strikeout record with 263 in 178 1/3 innings three years ago. Rodriguez was 8-3 in 113 innings with 117 strikeouts and a 3.
The fact that Ms. O ' Keefe , 49 , has made the same resolution every year since she was 14 should not suggest that she is not serious: in years past she has gone to great lengths , from liquid diets to liposuction. A study by the University of Washington indicated that 100 million Americans make New Year ' s resolutions , with weight loss at the top of the list , and that close to 40 percent of them will lapse by early March. The Biospecifics Technologies Corporation in Lynbrook has isolated an enzyme that appears to literally melt fat.
MAZON. COM has ordered 181 acres of holiday wrapping paper and 2 , 494 miles of red satin ribbon -- just in case. And it has built four new automated warehouses that give it the capacity to pack , wrap and ship nearly a million boxes a day.  " This is the fastest expansion of distribution capacity in peacetime history , " gloated Jeff Bezos , the founder of Amazon. com , the most popular store on the Internet. This holiday season , Mr. Bezos said , Amazon will send more packages -- perhaps in excess of 15 million -- to more people than any mail order company in the country.
But today , Jeff Kent not only said that he and Barry Bonds had more encounters than the news media knew about , but he also advocated such behavior among teammates as a way of spurring players to better performances and teams to greater success. Kent , a second baseman , and Bonds , a left fielder , were teammates in San Francisco for six seasons. Kent hit 175 home runs and drove in 689 runs; Bonds slugged 279 home runs and knocked in 659 runs. Kent , however , has moved on to the Houston Astros , leaving Bonds behind.
In fact , Jones had run eight faster 100 meters this season in which she has dominated the 100 and 200 meters , as well as the long jump. With more foresight , organizers could have prepared for faster men ' s and women ' s 100-meter races and greater publicity for a sport that is dying in this country -- and for a Goodwill Games that is also essentially flying below the public radar. Knowing that the wind at the Mitchel Athletic Complex blows persistently from the south , organizers could have switched the starting line from one end of the stadium to the other.
Stepping into the heart of an organization grown wary of Republicans , Secretary of State Colin L. Powell sought today to assure Secretary General Kofi Annan that he could count on the Bush administration ' s strong support across a wide spectrum of United Nations activities. General Powell , who requested the meeting before his trip to the Middle East , discussed Iraq , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and other issues with Mr. Annan for more than an hour. The secretary of state , who praised Richard C. Holbrooke , the former American envoy to the United Nations , for his work in solving , at least in large part , the problem of American debts to the organization , went further than most Republicans in pledging to cooperate with the United Nations in working on social and economic problems.
Stock prices continued to plow ahead yesterday as investors gained more confidence that the days and weeks of instability that were the norm from mid-July until late September are over.  " There is a continued belief the Fed will ease interest rates again , " he added. " Foreign markets are stable. And mutual-fund inflows continue. " The Dow Jones industrial average yesterday rose 114. It was the fourth consecutive session to end with a gain for the blue-chip gauge and the first time it has closed above 8 , 700 points since Aug. 18. For the year , the Dow is up slightly more than 10 percent.
Last summer , at the height of a four-year drought in the Southeast , local churches in the Bible Belt began holding vigils to pray for rain. About the only one happy about the deluge tonight was the driver Jimmie Johnson , who found himself running in first place in the Coca-Cola 600 when a downpour began. Eight inches had fallen in recent days. Nascar officials decided to call it a race , giving Johnson the Winston Cup victory after 276 of 400 laps were completed. And he became the fifth driver to win both events at Lowe ' s , joining Jeff Gordon ( 1997 ) , Dale Earnhardt ( 1993 ) , Davey Allison ( 1991 ) and Darrell Waltrip ( 1985 ).
Nevertheless , the bumps determine who will wear the white jersey with red polka dots of the Tour ' s top climber , collecting 300 euros ( $330 ) each day and a bouquet on the victory podium. Armstrong , a Texan who is seeking his fifth consecutive Tour victory , and his United States Postal Service teammates were content to mark time today , waiting for their first sight of the mountains , where Armstrong is his most relentless. The winner , for the third time in four sprint finishes , was Alessandro Petacchi , an Italian with Fassa Bortolo.
The seven-story brick block , a subsidized residence for the elderly run by Catholic Charities of Brooklyn , towers above the bodegas , little shops and modest houses of this blue-collar neighborhood of Italians , Hasidic Jews and , most recently , immigrants from Russia. The one room -- for dining , sleeping and television watching -- is crammed with furniture: a lavishly pillowed bed against a wall , a paper-piled desk by the kitchen alcove , a shelf of framed pictures and religious statues , and a round vinyl-cloth-covered table , the heart of the little home. The sausages and peppers and meatballs.
The ancient city of Troy , for instance , is actually numerous settlements , built one on top of the other over the centuries. The result , in some spots , is layer upon layer of well-preserved penguin remains dating back thousands of years. It ' s a treasure trove , not for archaeologists , but for scientists studying how penguin DNA has changed -- a timeline of evolution on a molecular scale. Scientists from New Zealand and Italy sequenced portions of mitochondrial DNA from 96 penguin bones that were up to 6 , 400 years old , and from 380 blood samples of living penguins.
HIS credentials to coach women ' s professional basketball were unassailable , though Van Chancellor admits his original intentions were not altogether pure. Now he says " thank God I was , " for he got to coach his daughter , Renee , at Ole Miss and win the Southeastern Conference title against Pat Summitt and go on to the first two championships in the Women ' s National Basketball Association with Cynthia Cooper and Sheryl Swoopes. The same , unfortunately , can ' t yet be said for every W. N. B. A. male coach , the number of whom will reach five ( out of 12 ) when the Liberty , as expected , announces Richie Adubato as Nancy Darsch ' s successor tomorrow in New York.
There have been several extraordinary days for jockey Stewart Elliott lately , namely the occasions he has sat aboard Smarty Jones , maybe one of the greatest horses ever. Day after day , he rides a lot of cheap horses at Philadelphia Park , a midlevel racetrack. Elliott will ride regularly this spring and summer at Monmouth Park , which begins an 87-day meet on Saturday. Although Monmouth does not have the purses or cachet of a Belmont Park or Saratoga or Santa Anita in California , it is a step up from Philadelphia Park and has often served as a proving ground for riders who went on to stardom elsewhere.
AT Harry ' s Farmers Market stores , the tomatoes and melons may well have been on the vine 24 hours ago. Employees who work with perishables are screened for viruses and infectious bacteria that could find their way onto an artichoke or a head of cabbage. The baguettes are hot , the ads memorable. The company lost $1. 7 million last year on sales of $146 million , bad news by almost any standard. And that was its best financial performance in four years , a period in which it has lost more than $23 million. 375 on Nasdaq. Harry ' s operates three warehouse-size stores that specialize in fresh produce and meat -- and don ' t even bother to stock toothpaste or soap.
All week , Sutton has steadfastly refused to let his players know who they will be paired with , making them wait until Thursday morning. And on Wednesday , Sutton drew more attention by allowing Phil Mickelson to skip practice while his 11 teammates were on the course at Oakland Hills Country Club. Mickelson is approaching the Ryder Cup like a major championship , and he does not normally practice the Wednesday before majors. Not every captain would have the gumption to honor Mickelson ' s request and hope he plays his best golf this weekend. Sutton was more interested in winning than appearances , and he made that clear Wednesday when someone suggested that Mickelson ' s absence was unfair to fans attending the practice round.
President Mikhail Saakashvili of Georgia warned the Bush administration on Thursday that Russia was trying to assert greater control over his country , a former republic in the old Soviet Union. Despite rising tensions , however , he said he would seek to resolve differences with Moscow peacefully.  " Georgia cannot and will not solve this problem with violence , " said Mr. Saakashvili , in a visit to the United States that coincided with renewed charges and countercharges over Russia ' s involvement in the drive for secession in two Georgia provinces. " Mr. Saakashvili , a 36-year-old reformer who took power last year after the ouster of Georgia ' s long-serving president , Eduard A. Shevardnadze , met with Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld shortly after his arrival on Wednesday.
In his first three seasons in the major leagues , Rey Ordonez seemed to be the personification of the good-field , no-hit shortstop. Ordonez did hit. 170 average ( 8 for 47 ) and a sulking attitude that landed him in Manager Bobby Valentine ' s doghouse , few would have predicted what happened next. 242 average -- has developed into a major league hitter. Since being benched April 23 for throwing a tantrum , Ordonez has raised his batting average 124 points to an All-Star-like. 294. No wonder that Ordonez , who is generally regarded as the flashiest-fielding shortstop in the major leagues , is being given strong consideration for his first All-Star Game selection.
-- By far the least well-received speaker at the conference was Jamie Kellner , chairman and chief executive at Turner Broadcasting System , part of AOL Time Warner. Attendees loudly complained that his presentation amounted to little more than a sales pitch for the networks he oversees , principally WB , which AOL Time Warner owns with the Tribune Company. The association has striven to avoid self-serving speakers since 1999 , when it ended a three-year experiment of letting media companies promote themselves if they paid $100 , 000 for a place on the program. So remarks from Mr. Kellner like " We ' re firing on all cylinders " and " We ' re a leader in ad-supported cable television " did not exactly fall on receptive ears.
The online tax debate has suddenly become loud and bitter , with Wal-Mart Stores and Amazon. But the recent activity over Internet sales taxes may have only minimal impact on consumers and tax collectors , many retail executives and industry analysts say. That is because many of the biggest traditional merchants , including Sears , Roebuck; Gap; and Circuit City Stores , have long been collecting sales taxes from their online customers. And the biggest online tax resistors -- Amazon , eBay and Dell Computer -- seem unlikely to start collecting sales taxes any time soon. The Internet tax debate has drawn considerable publicity in light of recent moves by a group of states to propose a simplified uniform tax code to stimulate collection of online sales taxes , as well as decisions by Wal-Mart , Target , Toys " R " Us and other big retailing chains to begin collecting such taxes.
THIS is not one of those scientific exit polls that can detect a presidential election result by 6:02 A. M. in some remote corner of Maine. This is merely my gut feeling , based on vicarious observation of the people filing into Giants Stadium Friday night to watch the ghastly 34-7 defeat to Carolina. My hunch is that the people who ritually but impersonally booed horrendous football by the home team were , to a large extent , the stock clerks , distant relatives , marginal business clients and moderately familiar neighbors of the actual ticket-holders.  " More than a week , " Reeves said Friday night , discussing the time the Giants have to adjust for Sunday night ' s home opener against Buffalo.
IN a week in which even the Federal Reserve wizard , Alan Greenspan , could not conjure a sustained stock market rally , media stocks rose more and remained higher than most others. While most stock indexes fell back into negative territory by Friday ' s close , an index of 43 top media companies ended the week up 8. The Bloomberg Media Index , which includes newspaper , radio , cable and cable programming companies ( including The New York Times Company ) , was at 106 last Tuesday , the day before the market rally precipitated by news on Wednesday afternoon that Mr. Greenspan and his colleagues at the Fed approved an interest rate cut.
Hear Augusta National ' s yellow flags flapping on each green. Hear the golfers ' slacks rippling as they waited for the wind to lessen. On the 14th green , Tiger Woods , needing a 15-footer for par , took a practice stroke and backed away. If I hit it solid and the wind lets up , it might go into the water back of the green. " Yesterday ' s winds averaged 20 to 25 miles an hour , with gusts from 30 to 35 m. p. h. For today ' s second round , the forecast is for winds of 12 to 15 m. p. h with gusts from 25 to 30 m. p. h.
" We are going to start by demolishing the British Embassy , " said Ulrich Lissek , pointing to a squat building opposite his office. " Then we ' re going to take over the headquarters of the Christian Democratic Party over there. Mr. Lissek may sound like a holdover from some 1960 ' s revolutionary movement , but he is in fact the chief spokesman for Deutsche Telekom , the now privatized German telecommunications company that is in the vanguard of an unlikely plan to transform Bonn ' s culture from bureaucratic stodginess to Silicon-Valley sprightliness. But it is the one making the rounds here as Telekom and its various subsidiaries buy up great swaths of real estate , computer company start-ups multiply , and an Internet banking group thrives.
The Knicks continued discussions with the Philadelphia 76ers today , and might be closing in on a deal to obtain Keith Van Horn. Knicks General Manager Scott Layden and his Philadelphia counterpart , Billy King , spoke again at the Reebok Pro Summer League today. A league official said the snag might not be any part of a deal that could include sending Kurt Thomas and Charlie Ward to Philadelphia. If the Knicks surrendered Thomas , their options at center on the roster would be Clarence Weatherspoon , Othella Harrington and the little-used Travis Knight , all of whom are better suited for the forward spot , and Mike Sweetney , Maciej Lampe or Slavko Vranes , all rookies who do not offer a viable alternative.
Swirling winds during the first round of the JAL Big Apple Classic had players donning sweaters and reaching for longer clubs. Indeed , the wind that swept across the golf course at the Wykagyl Country Club at up to 20 miles an hour sent scores soaring. In all , 18 players were in the 80 ' s. By contrast , only one player shot 80 during all four rounds of last year ' s JAL Big Apple. Today , it was so cold and windy that McGann forsook wearing one of her trademark big-brimmed hats for a baseball cap. But this year it was moved from July to October to accommodate NBC ' s coverage of the Summer Olympics and reduced from its customary 72 holes to 54 , with the final round on Saturday.
And now , faced with Game 2 at the Miami Arena on Sunday , Houston was left to ponder just what the Heat did to hold him to 2 of 9 in the first half while Tim Hardaway was scoring 24 of his 34 points for an insurmountable 20-point lead in Game 1.  " They didn ' t want to give him any space toward the baseline where he could rise up and shoot , " Coach Jeff Van Gundy said after his team practiced and watched film for three hours at a Miami fitness center today. " He was leaning in and trying to draw fouls more than he was just jumping straight up over them.
THE last 12 months have been a vintage year for business news. As usual , many of the corporate scandals , economic ups and downs , market movements , bankruptcies and other events and incidents elicited telling remarks by executives and public figures. How closely were you watching the business world ? What were they talking about ? Enron robbed the bank. 7. " Companies come and go. It would be unthinkable to deprive people of my expertise. " Crooks are going to be crooks at any company , but we have executives of very high integrity. " There is no question that the recent controversy has caused many on the staff to lose confidence in my ability to steer this organization. "
CVC , the Texas Pacific Group and Merrill Lynch made a long-awaited bid for the Debenhams department stores today , valuing the chain at £1. 66 billion ( $2. 67 billion ) , 7 percent more than a rival bid. Shareholders are hoping the offer will be the beginning of a bidding war. 1 percent premium to a May bid of £1. 54 billion by a consortium of Permira , a private equity firm based in London , the Blackstone Group and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners. The Permira group said in a statement to the London Stock Exchange today that it was " considering its position. "
In a deal that expands one telecommunications company and simplifies another , Airtouch Communications said yesterday that it would acquire the domestic cellular properties of the U S West Media Group for $2. 2 billion in assumed debt. The acquisition was not a surprise since the two companies signed a three-step agreement in 1994 that would have transferred U S West ' s cellular assets to Airtouch by the middle of this year. But the timing was accelerated and the financial structure was changed to allow U S West to spin off the $2. 8 billion in Airtouch stock to its shareholders , rather than holding a continuing interest in the company.
THE Justice Department has given a consortium of eight companies and Columbia University a green light to combine 27 patents into a single portfolio and license the inventions under the direction of one administrator. A spokesman for the Justice Department said the decision on Thursday appeared to be the first time its antitrust division had approved such a patent clearinghouse. The patents relate to a technology known as MPEG-2 for compressing digital video and audio data. The acronym is derived from the Motion Picture Expert Group , an organization created in 1988 to design technical standards for squeezing large amounts of data into digital transmissions by limiting the information that must be sent contiguously.
Wires as thin as toothpicks , wires as thick as thumbs. In her regular management job with Verizon Communications , the country ' s largest local telephone company , Ms. Macpherson kept track of utilities regulations imposed by state agencies. In this Verizon office in Midtown Manhattan , the wires are housed in metal frames the size of a mobile home. The fundamental product created and sold by Verizon and its 260 , 000 employees. Ms. Macpherson is one of about 30 , 000 managers who have been filling in for more than 86 , 000 unionized workers at Verizon offices from Maine to Virginia , pinch-hitting on union jobs that range from answering 411 calls to fixing aerial cables.
Many people think so , especially if they happen to be among the investors who couldn ' t get into the offering at the start. New research , however , suggests that investors who troll the markets for such bargains should pay close attention to a simple figure -- a company ' s cash flow. The research is by the law firm of O ' Sullivan , Graev &amp; Karabell of New York. Lawrence G. Graev , the chief executive , said it prepared the study because it has private equity fund clients who often provide financing to battered , newly public companies.
 " He wound up being a shepherd for a week or two , chasing down stray sheep and living with the Bedouin , " said Frederic C. Hof , a retired Army officer and author on the Middle East who recalls reading Mr. Crocker ' s official report on the trip when they were in language training. Mr. Crocker , President Bush ' s choice as the new ambassador to Iraq , has brought the same intensity to his three-decade diplomatic career , amassing a record of Middle East and South Asia experience possibly unrivaled in the United States Foreign Service.
After a tumultuous week in which they lost a legend and hired his replacement , the Jets caught their breath yesterday. Bradway , the former vice president for player personnel for the Kansas City Chiefs , expects to return to New York this afternoon and begin the most pressing task of his young tenure: hiring a coach. He is to interview Maurice Carthon , the Jets ' assistant head coach , for the job tomorrow. Dom Capers , Jacksonville ' s defensive coordinator , and the head coach of the Carolina Panthers from 1995 to 1998 , may be interviewed this weekend , too.
So did Fannie Mae , Hewlett-Packard and Dell. Most companies in Britain do it. And now , more American companies are doing it , too: wresting board chairmanships away from chief executives. According to executive recruiting firm Russell Reynolds Associates , 29 percent of the companies in the S. &amp; P. have separated the jobs , up from 21 percent five years ago. Some , like Disney , were forced by shareholders to decouple the roles. Others , like Dell , did so to give a hard-working president a promotion to chief executive. Many others want to let a new chief executive grow into the job under the watchful eye of the former one , serving as chairman.
The five victories that Rutgers brought into today ' s game against West Virginia have helped erase the stigma of last year ' s season without a victory. With representatives from the Liberty Bowl in attendance , Rutgers had more than just the game on the line when the sophomore quarterback Mike McMahon dropped back to pass. While West Virginia ' s players and coaches spoke afterward of subpar efforts , Rutgers ( 5-5 ) was left with the realization that for all of the improvement , the season would most likely end without a bowl bid. The Scarlet Knights will finish the season next week at Virginia Tech.
FOR 28 years , Michael H. Steinhardt managed an investment portfolio. Art. Wildlife. And a little bit of investing. " There are Jewish artifacts , including silver Hanukkah lamps and Torah shields. Under a window is a fifth-century stone tablet with Greek and Hebrew inscriptions. A four-foot-high bronze menorah stands by his desk. Five years ago , he walked away from his position as one of the most prominent hedge fund managers on Wall Street. As the manager of nearly $5 billion in the early 1990 ' s , he stacked up an impressive long-term record , with an average annual return of 31 percent , before fees , from 1967 to 1995.
The Pentagon ' s inspector general concluded this week that Richard N. Perle violated no ethics laws or rules when he was leading an influential Pentagon advisory board while at the same timerepresenting two companies in their dealings with the government. But Mr. Perle has become the focus of an inquiry being conducted by Hollinger International , the media conglomerate , where he serves as a director. 5 million in payments made by the company to Trireme Partners , a venture capital company in which Mr. Perle is a managing partner. The inquiry is being led by Richard C. Breeden , the former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
For the second time in less than two weeks , the Nets lost a game in the closing seconds on a strange play. How the Nets lost to Portland , 98-97 , here Tuesday night in the final game of a five-game Western swing was mind-boggling. 8 seconds featured a game ' s worth of action. Tick by tick , here ' s what happened. 8 SECONDS With the Nets trailing , 98-96 , Sam Cassell is fouled. 4 SECONDS Jayson Williams knocks the rebound of Cassell ' s miss out of bounds off Portland center Arvydas Sabonis , giving the Nets another chance.
The Yankees did not meet that today , or the one that Derek Jeter had in mind. Unable to come to an agreement with their No. 1 closer and their starting shortstop , the Yankees renewed their contracts , as they may do under the collective bargaining agreement. Jeter and Rivera will each get $750 , 000 in 1998 , a raise of more than 35 percent for both. Each will be eligible for arbitration next season , unless the team ' s on-going negotiations lead to multiyear contracts. The agent for Rivera , Jim Bronner , indicated that there is a chance something could be worked out with his client , and Brian Cashman , the Yankees ' general manager , said that he would continue to work toward multiyear deals.
For years it was mostly the stuff of science fiction. But now communications technology has advanced to the point where sensors , machines and computers are beginning to talk to each other wirelessly in ways that could dwarf traffic between familiar devices like cellphones. Wireless networks of sensors and machinery have long been used in a handful of critical tasks like air traffic control. Now technology is expanding their reach into areas like managing lighting systems and detecting construction defects. As an example , a wireless communications system is being tested to tell precisely when to irrigate and harvest grapes to produce premium wine.
Perhaps that will be the legacy of this team that George Steinbrenner and Joe Torre directed in the second half of the 1990 ' s. These Yankees not only win World Series ( in pairs , now ) , they also hug in public. Perhaps we can thank the zoom cameras and the freeze frames that capture Derek Jeter ' s impish smile as he twits his Jedi grandpa , Don Zimmer , or the reflective glance of Bernie Williams as he takes it all in , or the intense stare of Joe Girardi , whether through the mask or in the dugout , or the pained look of Paul O ' Neill as he performs his job hours after the death of his father.
While the country ' s attention has focused on Kosovo , American warplanes have methodically and with virtually no public discussion been attacking Iraq. In the last eight months , American and British pilots have fired more than 1 , 100 missiles against 359 targets in Iraq. That is triple the targets attacked in four furious days of strikes in December that followed Iraq ' s expulsion of United Nations weapons inspectors. That assault , by contrast , provoked international outrage. By another measure , the pilots have flown about two-thirds as many missions as NATO pilots flew over Yugoslavia in 78 days of around-the-clock war there.
When Robert Gamez joined the PGA Tour in 1990 , he made it look easy. Now golf is serious business for Gamez , particularly this week at the PGA Tour qualifying tournament , where the top 35 finishers in the 167-player field will secure full-time playing privileges on the Tour for next year. After today ' s third round of the six-round event , Gamez was in a strong position at 11 under par ( 205 ) , tied for 12th place , seven strokes behind the leader , Pat Perez ( 18 under ). Perez shot a nine-under-par 63 today at Bear Lakes Country Club.
Perhaps worried that people would take shots at him again for paying close attention to off-the-court matters , O ' Neal at first denied the meeting he and his agent , Leonard Armato , had with the producers and top management of the league ' s marketing arm. He may sound a few fries short of a Happy Meal , but Shaq and his agent have big plans. Adam Silver , the president and chief operating officer of N. B.  " It ' s a way for us to get more story ideas and a way for him to see who we are and what exactly we do , " said Silver , who added that many of the league ' s stars visit the offices during the season. "
With a pick comb in his hair and his shirt untucked , Roland Martin wandered into the Good Guys electronics store this afternoon and immediately secured a 30-minute employment interview. Mr. Martin ' s interview in this San Francisco suburb was conducted by computer , making him a participant in a trend in retail hiring. Dozens of big-name retailers , including Target , Hollywood Video , Macy ' s and Longs Drug Stores , are replacing paper applications and in-person interviews with computer kiosks in the initial screening of applicants. The computer programs query prospective employees on job history and work habits.
Michigan State had just closed to within 3 points , 51-48 , and Langdon ' s teammate and Duke ' s inside dominator , Elton Brand , was on the bench with four fouls. William Avery got him the ball on the left wing. He dribbled once and launched a 21-footer , just inches behind the 3-point arc. It fell , and soon after so did the Spartans , 68-62 , in a bruised-rib , skinned-knee battle that was low on esthetics but high on drama. I ' m not worrying about my shooting touch. The shot not only electrified the 41 , 340 on hand at Tropicana Field; it lifted the Blue Devils , 37-1 and winners of 32 straight games , another step on the ladder of excellence.
GET ready to pay higher commissions to trade stocks. And , believe it or not , the change may actually be good for you. Two months ago , the Nasdaq stock market switched to pricing stocks in pennies , instead of in fractions. To many investors , the alteration probably seemed cosmetic , although helpful , because it freed big and small investors alike from the irritating necessity of converting fractions into decimals. But the switch is actually causing big changes in the way stocks are traded , and its impact will probably grow over the next couple of years. That is because decimalization , as professional investors call the changeover , has sharply shrunk the spread on Nasdaq stocks.
Following is a transcript of President Bush ' s address to the nation last night , as recorded by The New York Times: Tonight in Iraq , the Armed Forces of the United States are engaged in a struggle that will determine the direction of the global war on terror and our safety here at home. The new strategy I outline tonight will change America ' s course in Iraq , and help us succeed in the fight against terror. When I addressed you just over a year ago , nearly 12 million Iraqis had cast their ballots for a unified and democratic nation.
Long-Term Capital Management in 1998. Enron in 2001. The ruptures suffered by each of these companies have one thing in common: some confusion on the part of directors , managers , auditors , creditors or shareholders about how the business dealt with the complex financial instruments known as derivatives. Derivatives are contracts based on the changeable value of underlying securities , or other variables that can range from interest rates and currencies to energy prices and the weather. They can be used to reduce risk or to increase it , and they have become a standard feature on big companies ' balance sheets.
It was early in the second quarter on Sunday , and the Washington Redskins ' offense was pushing the Giants ' defense around , advancing down the field play after play. In the wake of the Giants ' 31-24 season-opening victory , it is hard to remember the moments when a Giants victory hardly looked assured , when the Giants ' defense -- even its vaunted defensive line -- was losing the battle. The Giants were trailing by 4 points and on the verge of falling further behind.  " We were on our heels , " the Giants ' defensive coordinator , John Fox , said of the Redskins ' second-quarter surge. "
 " Hold onto a little more change , " is the tag line of one ad that shows a wet piece of Charmin Basic holding the weight of two silver dollars. Procter ' s Bounty has a less expensive version hitting markets now , too. And , while Procter is among just a handful of companies introducing downmarket versions of upmarket brands , it has a lot more company when it comes to advertising to a budget-minded nation. Indeed , consumer products companies are addressing cost-consciousness with a zeal usually associated with recessions , not economic recoveries. And marketing experts offer a potpourri of theories about why.
TiVo has changed the way people watch television and added a new word to the vernacular. But that does not mean TiVo , the company , is thriving. TiVo , which helped introduce the digital video recorder , or DVR , in 1999 , now faces an onslaught of competition from cable system and satellite operators , which are quickly eroding TiVo ' s once-dominant market share. In late May , the company announced a first-quarter loss of more than $9 million , despite a 21 percent rise in revenues , to $25. TiVo ' s stock price has fallen from its high this year of almost $13 to close at $4.
Japan ' s unemployment rate fell to a six-year low in November and industrial production picked up , offering evidence that the nation ' s recovery is continuing , although at a significantly slower pace than earlier in the year. The jobless rate fell to 4. 7 percent rate in October. At the same time , industrial production rose from October to November at a seasonally adjusted rate of 1. 5 percent , led by expanded output of electronic equipment , steel and manufacturing machinery for semiconductors. The positive figures were welcome after a series of disappointing data , including recent growth figures based on a new calculation method that showed Japan skidding toward recession in the second half of this year.
MARK McGWIRE repeatedly copped out under questioning by Congressional lawmakers , saying he wasn ' t there to " talk about the past , " a hint that steroids helped him hit 70 home runs in 1998. Commissioner Bud Selig and the players union leader Donald Fehr were unable to defend the weaknesses in Major League Baseball ' s steroids-testing agreement. By the end of Thursday ' s morning-afternoon-and-evening tripleheader in Washington , baseball had been embarrassed , as it deserved to be. Going back to the Black Sox fix of the 1919 World Series , baseball has seldom policed itself.
His soldiers , known as pesh merga , meaning " those who face death , " sat quietly under the moon. Eighteen pesh merga live here , atop a peak rising more than a mile in the sky , in seven stone bunkers that would fit inside a circle 45 feet wide. It is one spot on a front descending from Shinerwe Mountain to the valley ' s floor , pitting the pesh merga against the Islamic fighters of Ansar al Islam , a group connected to Al Qaeda. Halat Karim Agha , 32 , is the son of Karim Agha , 75 , who lives along northern Iraq ' s other front , 85 miles away , which separates Kurdish-controlled Iraq from territory ruled by Saddam Hussein.
Kansas City is expected to ask the Jets for permission to talk to Herman Edwards about its coaching vacancy. Edwards , 51 , has two years left on his contract. He reiterated Monday that he intended to coach the Jets next season. And on a day when quarterback Chad Pennington , who is recovering from his second shoulder operation in eight months , said he intended to start next season ' s opener , and when running back Curtis Martin vowed to return from knee surgery to have another Pro Bowl-caliber season , most of the attention was focused on Edwards.
Juan Manuel Marquez of Mexico got off the canvas three times in the first two and a half minutes and fought Manny Pacquiao of the Philippines to a 12-round draw Saturday night in a featherweight title fight at the MGM Grand Arena. Marquez , who avoided any further knockdowns , was judged the winner by Guy Jutras of Montreal , 115-113. It was a wildly satisfying fight for the 7 , 129 people in the crowd , who saw Marquez retain his World Boxing Association and International Boxing Federation belts. Pacquiao , 25 , was widely considered the best featherweight , even though he held no titles.
She said her departure is unrelated to her health; she has successfully fought breast cancer. Berra had vowed never to return to Yankee Stadium because of the way he was fired by Steinbrenner 16 games into the 1985 season.
MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL American League OAKLAND ATHLETICS--Recalled RHP Rich Harden from Sacramento of the PCL. Designated RHP Chad Harville for assignment. National League MONTREAL EXPOS--Placed OF Carl Everett on the 15-day DL. METS--Named John Ricco assistant general manager. Northern League JOLIET JACKHAMMERS--Signed RHP Robert Garvin. National Basketball Development League FAYETTEVILLE PATRIOTS--Signed F Eric Taylor. Women ' s National Basketball Association MINNESOTA LYNX--Acquired a 2004 first-round draft pick and F Amanda Lassiter from Seattle for F Sheri Sam and C Janell Burse. American Basketball Association ABA--Awarded an expansion franchise to Cincinnati , to begin play in the 2004-05 season. KENTUCKY COLONELS--Named Henry Bacon coach.
WHEN Jodi West woke up one Friday in May with a weepy , crusty right eye , she rinsed her face and hoped that it would clear up on its own. By the next morning , the infection had spread to both eyes , and she realized that she would have to see someone about it. I wish these clinics had been around when my son was young and getting ear infections all the time. " The clinics , called MinuteClinics , are cropping up in Target and Cub Foods stores in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area. Now in 10 stores , the MinuteClinics aim to diagnose and treat about a dozen common ailments -- like strep throat , sinus and ear infections and seasonal allergies -- in about 15 minutes.
AS the presidential primary campaigns begin in earnest , the Iraq war is overshadowing all other issues , as it did during the midterm elections. Presidential candidates who were in the Senate in October 2002 are particularly under the microscope , as they are being called upon to justify their votes for going to war. There was no middle ground. There was indeed a third way , which Senator James Jeffords , independent of Vermont , hailed at the time as " one of the most important votes we will cast in this process. " And it was opposed by every single senator at the time who now seeks higher office.
Chicago ' s reputation as the capital of the nation ' s candy industry suffered another blow last week when the maker of two candy brands based here , Fannie May and Fanny Farmer , said their factory and retail stores would be closed and the brands sold to an out-of-state company. Though well-known manufacturers like Tootsie Roll Industries , the William Wrigley Jr. Company and the Willie Wonka Candy Factory are still here , Chicagoans have begun to wonder which confectioner will be the next to go.  " The closing of Fannie May isn ' t only about jobs lost , " said Mayor Richard M. Daley. "
That natural gas prices have risen 40 percent in the last month seems normal at first glance. It is winter , after all , and a large portion of the country heats with gas. But industry executives and analysts say that natural gas prices at today ' s levels , more than $5 per million British thermal units , underscore a fundamental shift toward consistently higher prices. Through most of the 1990 ' s , natural gas prices generally were $1. 50 per million B. T. U. ' s , according to Vince White , a spokesman for Devon Energy , an oil and gas exploration and production company based in Oklahoma City.
China disclosed Tuesday that its trade surplus surged to $11. 19 billion in March , its second-highest monthly surplus ever and a level that could feed trade frictions in advance of President Hu Jintao ' s visit to the United States next week. The surplus more than doubled over March of last year on soaring exports and slowing growth in imports , and nearly matched China ' s record monthly trade surplus of $12. The March figures were especially significant because China usually runs only modest surpluses or even deficits in the first quarter. In the second quarter , factories step up their shipments to the United States and Europe of things like toys and DVD players , in preparation for the holiday retail season.
But to Cover Girl , Procter &amp; Gamble ' s 43-year-old cosmetics line , it is a longtime mantra.  " We are a strong believer in inner and outer beauty , " said Anne Martin , the company ' s vice president for global cosmetics and beauty marketing , without a trace of tongue in cheek. No surprise , then , that Cover Girl has long sponsored programs to encourage young women to get involved in charitable causes. But , no matter how heartfelt , that is a hard way to get teenagers to buy lipstick. So , in a new attempt to be cool instead of sappy , Cover Girl is reinforcing its " look good , be good " message with music fresh off the CD burner.
He won the world indoor title with the year ' s longest indoor put ( 72 feet 6 1/2 inches ) and was ranked first in the world by Track and Field News. On Friday , with the Madison Square Garden lights dimmed , with all other competition stopped and the music almost deafening , Hoffa will try to win the Millrose Games title for the third straight year. FRANK LITSKY IS TRAINING MORE DIFFICULT BECAUSE ADAM NELSON , YOUR TRAINING PARTNER , HAS MOVED ?
Robert L. Chapman , an editor of Roget ' s Thesaurus who built a distinguished career on the difference between the right word and the almost right word and who streamlined the work for postmodern users , died Saturday in Morristown , N. J. Dr. Chapman , who had lived with a pre-leukemic condition for a decade , had been in declining health in recent months , his son Douglass Chapman said. A scholar of medieval literature who with his long face , white hair and neat beard looked every inch the part , Dr. Chapman was an emeritus professor of English at Drew University in Madison.
As it awaits this week ' s 79th Professional Golfers Association Championship , Winged Foot ' s West course is one of America ' s most historic. The site of four United States Open championships , in 1929 , 1959 , 1974 and 1984 , it has fooled and frustrated golfers from Bobby Jones and Ben Hogan to Arnold Palmer and Jack Nicklaus , to Tom Watson and Greg Norman. Now Tiger Woods is about to test Winged Foot ' s long , narrow fairways , deep bunkers and slippery greens. In the first round of the 1974 Open , Nicklaus had a 20-foot birdie putt from the left side. "
He buys stocks based on news of large corporate stock buybacks , regulatory changes , initial offerings or mergers , he said. " I ' m looking for good news like improved earnings growth potential , cost cutting or new management , " Mr. Danoff added from his office in Boston. He said he is more focused on a company ' s fundamental quality than on its current share price. " He buys shares of companies that he believes will generate average annual earnings growth of at least 15 to 17 percent over the next 5 to 10 years. The fund lost 4.
Billick will still have his most critical cog , middle linebacker Ray Lewis , who was named the game ' s most valuable player and , in the process , completed a stunning year that would have provided a stirring fable about survival were the epicenter not so tragic. Lewis anchors the defense that suffocated the Giants in the Ravens ' 34-7 victory Sunday night in Super Bowl XXXV , finishing off an arduous four-game postseason in which the Ravens allowed just 5. But the Ravens need look no further than St. Louis for proof that the good times are fleeting.
These are people with strong religious beliefs whose investing concerns have encouraged the development of nearly 30 funds with a religious affiliation. The funds have been introduced by organizations representing a variety of denominations: Lutheran , Roman Catholic , Islamic , Christian Scientist , evangelical Christian , Mennonite and United Methodist. Some -- like the AAL family of funds , owned by the Aid Association for Lutherans in Appleton , Wis. , and the Lutheran Brotherhood funds in Minneapolis -- are marketed and sold only to members of the Lutheran faith. But others -- among them the Timothy Plan Fund , which follows fundamentalist Christian principles , and American Trust Allegiance , a Christian Scientist fund -- are additions to a fairly new category: they screen their potential investments for companies whose practices do not offend their religious beliefs.
 " Why is the United States so good in basketball and the rest of the world isn ' t ? " This is the same thing. Women ' s Race Is Official The great water controversy is officially over. The accused included the first three female finishers -- Franziska Rochat-Moser of Switzerland ( 2:28:43 ) , Colleen de Reuck of South Africa ( 2:29:11 ) and Franca Fiacconi of Italy ( 2:30:15 ).
In what could be the start of a new trend among computer industry chiefs , both John Chambers of Cisco Systems and Larry Ellison of Oracle have invited reporters to their homes for private social events in the last two weeks. ( A third home , a palatial estate in Woodside , Calif. , is still under construction. ) For this event , the setting was Mr. Ellison ' s high-tech four-story pied-a-terre in San Francisco ' s luxury Pacific Heights neighborhood , overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge. Although Mr. Ellison , known for an almost obsessive rivalry with Bill Gates of Microsoft , conceded that he could not match the 38-car-garage expansiveness of Mr. Gates ' s legendary digital manse on Lake Washington outside Seattle , the Ellison house does have noteworthy electronic features.
The season hasn ' t even started , and the Detroit Tigers have already registered a victory. They scored one over Commissioner Bud Selig , and the surprising aspect of it was he let them have it. Baseball ' s impartial arbitrator may be the next to hand him a loss , that one on the John Rocker grievance. If the arbitrator , Shyam Das , should overturn or even reduce Selig ' s 73-day suspension of Rocker for his ugly comments about all sorts of groups , the commissioner would have the excuse that he was unable to do anything about it.
A broad coalition of both conservative and liberal organizations expressed deep criticism today of a plan by the Federal Communications Commission to relax the rules that have restricted the nation ' s largest media conglomerates from growing bigger. The commission ' s three Republicans have already signaled their intention to support the changes. The debate is likely to continue afterward in Congress -- the five commissioners are expected to testify at a Senate hearing a few days after the vote. And some lawmakers have already begun to lay the groundwork to reverse the commission on some of the rules even before the agency has voted to change them.
The Chicago Bulls and the Golden State Warriors had the best chance of finishing first , at 22. Memphis fell from the third spot to receive the fourth pick , and Denver dropped from fourth to fifth. The rest of the order went according to form , with Cleveland selecting sixth , the Knicks seventh , Atlanta eighth , Phoenix ninth , Miami 10th , Washington 11th , the Los Angeles Clippers 12th and the Milwaukee Bucks 13th. While much has been made about Yao Ming , the 7-foot-5 Chinese center whom many teams would select first , it is not clear what Houston will do.
Rivalries have long crisscrossed the Middle East in dizzying complexity over national ambitions , ideology , religion and oil wealth. When colonialists ruled , secular nationalists and religious fundamentalists could unite against Westerners , then make war on each other for power , whether in Egypt , Syria or Iran. Today , Islamist revolutionaries are on the rise , with most secular nationalists considered moderates. And it is religionists once considered America ' s allies against Communism who are America ' s most feared enemies. Still , it is worth remembering that there are two broad streams of Islamism , the Shiite and the Sunni.
But Jurevicius , the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ' receiver and a former Giant , decided to board the plane in Tampa , Fla. , so he could stand on the field in time for yesterday ' s National Football Conference title game. One day , his son might watch a highlight of Jurevicius dashing down the Veterans Stadium field in the Buccaneers ' 27-10 victory over the Philadelphia Eagles that sent them to Super Bowl XXXVII in San Diego. White N. F. C. championship T-shirts were handed out in the Buccaneers ' locker room after the game to signify the franchise ' s first trip to the Super Bowl.
FOR anyone managing a good deal of money , knowing when to sell an investment is as important as knowing when to buy. When Valujet Flight 592 crashed in the Florida Everglades on May 11 , tragically taking the lives of 110 people , James Oberweis held about 120 , 000 shares of the airline in his Oberweis Emerging Growth fund , about 1 percent of its assets.  " We have a very strict set of guidelines for buying stocks and for selling stocks , " Mr. Oberweis said from his office near Chicago. One sell signal flares when earnings or revenues show signs of declining for a single quarter.
Among the most unusual things said on American sports television in my lifetime was this , from Bill Clement , during the Olympics: " New feathers. " The feathers belong to the birdie , or the shuttlecock , the object of frequently fierce whacking and subtle lobbing in singles and doubles. By the nose of the bird , it landed in , " he said. Clement ' s real profession is calling hockey for ESPN , but as a former regional badminton champion in high school , he and his partner , Don Chevrier , have helped make what turns out to be an exciting sport understandable and a delight to watch.
But for thousands of Americans , curling is an appealing game played on ice with special brooms and granite stones. It is also an Olympic team sport that enthusiasts say is far more challenging than it may have appeared to people who dozed off during television coverage of curling at the 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City. It ' s intellectually challenging because all the strategy involved requires you to think four or five moves ahead. Many times a game comes down to hitting a square inch from over 120 feet away. " But many newcomers are attracted by the social aspects of curling , said Peter McCuen , 70 , a former publishing executive who is president of the Ardsley Curling Club in Ardsley-on-Hudson , N. Y. "
The experience gave Burrell a championship ring and a world ' s worth of respect for the man known as the greatest player in history. Before the Knicks-Nets game at Madison Square Garden last night , players , coaches and members of management generally agreed that that Jordan ' s success would follow him into the front office as head of basketball operations and part owner of the Washington Wizards. Scott Layden , the general manager of the Knicks , compared Jordan to Jerry West , the star guard who has had great success in the front office for the Los Angeles Lakers.
Meagan ' s father is Bill Cowher , the coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers , who face the Jets on Saturday. Cowher is a 6-foot-1 freshman guard-forward for the Princeton women ' s basketball team. Just 12 games into her collegiate career , she leads her team in scoring and has been named the Ivy League Rookie of the Week four times in seven weeks. Jessie Elway ended up at Stanford , and Katie Dierdorf went to Michigan. I think Meghan , in some way , factored that into her decision-making. " Meagan ' s sister Lauren , a former teammate at Fox Chapel and now a junior there , is one of the leading players.
We are deeply concerned that without serious debate , the United States has crossed the limits of acceptable practices in the treatment of prisoners at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , and other sites. The secrecy and the disdain for international law and opinion are contrary to the very ideals that our country has long stood and fought for. We are told that our country is being protected by locking up dangerous terrorists in isolated facilities in order to make us accept a breakdown of our own laws. But we do not know -- indeed , we have not been allowed any way of finding out -- if the individual prisoners are enemy combatants , Al Qaeda suspects or innocents unlucky enough to have been caught in a blind sweep.
Mr. Silveira , 43 , is employed by Alpha Glove Industries , a small company that is struggling , like thousands of Brazilian businesses , through a sudden recession brought on by the financial crisis jarring many emerging market nations. In a move reminiscent of the far more devastating breakdown in Russia , companies in Sao Paulo , the industrial nerve center of Brazil , are floating the idea of paying workers like Mr. Silveira their ' 13th month ' s ' salary in products instead of cash. While Mr. Silveira ' s employers have not actually proposed paying him in gloves , the local newspapers have been full of stories suggesting that such payment plans are in the works , and the matter is dominating workers ' conversations.
As a bookkeeper who has done payrolls for 20 years , my observations differ from those in the article. Did the economists take into consideration the amount of taxes deducted from workers ' pay ? 18 an hour -- the average wage cited by the economists for production and nonsupervisory workers in manufacturing. However , the deductions for various taxes -- including Federal , state , city , Social Security and Medicare -- leave net pay of $384 a week. According to this calculation of available money , the worker would have to work at least 180 weeks , or 7 , 200 hours , to buy a $17 , 995 Ford Taurus -- not the 1 , 365 hours cited in a chart accompanying the article.
Hear the laughter , listen to the fireplace crackle , and cover your ears tomorrow morning when everybody tries to take that first step out of bed. Walshe has a number of suggestions , but before you think it ' s all drudgery and monotonous drills , consider the advice of Sondra Van Ert , a member of the 1998 United States Olympic snowboard team. Walshe would hardly disagree.  " The No. It might make you feel better but it won ' t really help. THE SKI REPORT
In the world of well-paid executives and very well-paid executives , women usually fall into the first category. Scholastic finished second this year in the National Association for Female Executives ' list of the " Top 30 Companies for Executive Women " -- in part , the group said , because " Scholastic is the sole company where women best men as top earners. " Avon Products , which is run by Andrea Jung , was first for the fifth year. Rounding out the top-five list , which was announced last week , are Liz Claiborne , WellPoint Health Networks and Fannie Mae.
And recently , when Maury Zanoff , a financial planner and a friend of Mr. Schoen , gingerly said , " I don ' t know how much you know about mutual funds... , " Mr. Schoen quickly put his index finger and thumb together to signal " zero. " The promotion would mean a raise , to $40 , 000 from $31 , 200. Mr. Schoen is even toying with the idea of starting his own construction business someday , and has begun to think about retirement , too. Mr. Schoen gets no health or pension benefits from his work.
Last week a report by the Independent System Operator , which runs California ' s power grid , made it more or less official: the electricity crisis in the Golden State is partly the result of market manipulation by power generators. The report alleges that generators overcharged the state ' s utilities , which distribute power to consumers , by more than $6 billion over a 10-month period. The report is almost certain to be ignored by federal authorities. The generators didn ' t have to conspire: the logic of the situation made it easy , almost irresistible , for each individual company to manipulate the market.
THIS is a story about the search for corporate citizenship , and a cautionary tale of money , influence and the limits of American power. , where a local company provocatively named American Foreign Power and Electric legally incorporated a subsidiary , the Electric Company of Ecuador ( Emelec by its Spanish acronym ) , to serve the rapidly growing city of Guayaquil. Foreign Power had already set up similar , quite lucrative companies in Argentina , Bolivia , Chile and Cuba. All were acquired in 1960 by Boise Cascade , the forest products company , which was interested because American Foreign Power had originally burned wood for fuel.
On a January day in 1995 , Dr. Rod Barton , a United Nations weapons inspector with a gambler ' s instinct , decided to try bluffing the Iraqis. Ever since their defeat in the Persian Gulf war , they had steadfastly denied ever making any kind of germ weapons , despite much evidence to the contrary. The documents proved nothing but were provocative: They showed that in the 1980 ' s , Iraq had bought about 10 tons of nutrients for growing germs , far more than needed for civilian work , from a British company. In the months that followed , Iraq dropped its denials and grudgingly admitted that it had run an elaborate program to produce germ weapons , eventually confessing that it had made enough deadly microbes to kill all the people on earth several times over.
Larry Johnson and Anthony Mason squared off like heavyweights who were ready to put aside basketball for boxing with 3. 7 seconds left in overtime of the Knicks ' 103-100 victory today against the Miami Heat. The altercation was just another sign of the bad blood this rivalry often generates.  " Both teams like to play against each other and both teams like to have a little bragging rights , but it ' s a little too emotional out there , " said Miami ' s Tim Hardaway , who was upset about nearly being elbowed by the Knicks ' Othella Harrington in the first half. "
ORIOLES Orioles outfielder Eric Davis , who had surgery for colon cancer and returned to play this season , received his second major award in the last week yesterday by being named recipient of the 1997 Hutch Award. Davis , who has already been voted the Roberto Clemente Award , batted. 304 with 8 homers and 25 runs batted in in 158 at-bats this season. The Hutch Award is named after the former major league pitcher and manager Fred Hutchinson , who died of cancer in 1964. It honors dedication to team , community and family , as well as competitive spirit and the ability to battle through adversity.
Following are excerpts from President Clinton ' s news conference yesterday with President Olusegun Obasanjo of Nigeria , as provided by the Federal Document Clearing House , a transcription service: OPENING STATEMENT By President Clinton President Obasanjo , Mrs. Obasanjo , members of the Nigerian Government , welcome to the White House. The President has served his country in many ways , including a previous term as President , which was distinguished by his insistence on a peaceful transition to a successor chosen by the people. Since its birth in 1960 , Nigeria ' s progress has been thwarted over and over again by military leaders with little concern for the 110 million people....
Seagulls and swallows swoop above Royal Troon , but Fred Couples discovered an eagle in today ' s third round of the 126th British Open. It bounced straight -- they don ' t always do that here -- and rolled into the hole. " Justin Leonard , the 25-year-old Texan who is also at 207 after a one-over-par 72 , knows he must putt better if he is to threaten the leaders in Sunday ' s final round. Except for Tiger Woods , who jumped to within eight shots of the lead with a seven-under-par 64 , Jim Furyk was the only other American to move up among the leaders.
Rupert Murdoch ' s partner in a family entertainment cable channel is expected to ask Mr. Murdoch ' s company , the News Corporation , to buy him out later this month. Saban Entertainment , owned by Haim Saban , owns 49. 5 percent of Fox Family Worldwide , whose entertainment channel reaches 78. 6 million homes; News Corporation owns a comparable amount. The companies have an agreement that gives Mr. Saban until Dec. 31 to decide to exercise his right to a buyout. Though there is no specific formula for pricing the buyout , a person close to Saban said Mr. Saban thinks the total value of the company is $6 billion , though that value is reduced by debt of $2 billion to a total of $4 billion.
Jerome Greenbaum , meat eater , inhaled the aroma of beef at his table in a bustling midtown Manhattan restaurant on a recent evening. The restaurant itself was close to a replica of the others he had loved in Orlando , Fla. , and Chicago. In short , the number of surprises at this meal would be zero. Nada. Zip. 95 porterhouse steak at the most expensive major restaurant chain in the world , Morton ' s of Chicago , part of the Morton ' s Restaurant Group. To be sure , the 34 units of Morton ' s , unlike McDonald ' s 19 , 000 stores , have waiters , cabernet sauvignon and mahogany paneling.
THERE is usually a lull along Madison Avenue as the American Association of Advertising Agencies holds its annual management conference. Now that the conference has ended , there has been a spate of developments involving the accounts of major national marketers like J. C. Penney , H &amp; R Block and Lucent Technologies. Temerlin McClain in Irving , Tex. Billings were estimated at $10 million. The resignation , which was not expected , came in a letter sent yesterday to Penney by the agency , part of True North Communications. Liener Temerlin , chairman at Temerlin McClain , attributed the resignation to " philosophical differences. "
The two short visits -- across the few hundred yards of Foley Square that separate the offices of Ms. White , the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York , and Mr. Morgenthau , the Manhattan District Attorney -- were enough to send rumors flying that the city ' s top prosecutors had patched things up. The two even issued a joint statement on Monday saying that their offices " have worked closely together on a wide variety of cases and investigations , and expect to do so in the future. " Despite such conciliatory gestures and statements , tensions remain high in a rift that became public earlier this month , when prosecutors from Ms. White ' s office insisted on bringing Federal charges against Marisa Baridis , a former compliance officer at a Wall Street firm who had already been indicted twice by state grand juries.
Rod Laver , the only tennis player to twice win the four Grand Slam tournaments in one year , was conscious and off the critical list yesterday , a day after he had a stroke while being interviewed for a television show about the century ' s greatest athletes. Laver , who turns 60 on Aug. 9 , was in serious condition in the intensive care unit at U. C. L. A.  " He ' s definitely not paralyzed , " Dr. Neil Martin , co-director of the hospital ' s stroke center , told The Associated Press. An ESPN spokesman , Rob Tobias , told The Associated Press that Laver had sustained the stroke Monday afternoon during an interview at the Westwood Marquis Hotel , only a few blocks from the hospital.
He calculated that the religious conservatives , if they could be turned out , would be the deciding factor. The success of the plan was registered not only in the presidential results but also in all 11 of the state votes to ban same-sex marriage. Mr. Rove understands what surveys have shown , that many more Americans believe in the Virgin Birth than in Darwin ' s theory of evolution. This might be called Bryan ' s revenge for the Scopes trial of 1925 , in which William Jennings Bryan ' s fundamentalist assault on the concept of evolution was discredited.
The volcano finally blew 10 days ago , erupting at 9:37 P. M. in the fourth quarter of a game against Seattle. " The Warriors did not let Seattle back in the game. Traded for Latrell Sprewell in a deal that also sent Terry Cummings and Chris Mills to the Warriors in January , the shooting guard who once seemed tethered to Madison Square Garden now kick-starts another franchise. At 12-16 , the Warriors are only one game out of the Western Conference ' s eighth and final playoff spot and their frenetic style of play and ability to pull out the close game has again enraptured Bay Area basketball fans.
The humidity and air pollution will make drawing a breath bruising. Asthma patients will stream into his pulmonology clinic , complaining that they cannot catch their breath. The steel mills that once fired Birmingham ' s economy and filled it with blue smoke are mostly gone. The pollution that worries Dr. Hasson now is barely visible: a tremulous summer haze that washes in from three large coal-burning power plants that surround Birmingham and are owned by the Southern Company , one of the country ' s largest utility holding corporations. The pollution over Birmingham seems the inevitable side effect of being neighbors with such a big power company.
But in the same race , Jearl Miles-Clark failed to lower the all-comers 500 indoor standard in the eighth annual New Balance Games at the Armory Track and Field Center in northern Manhattan. She finished second to Aliann Pompey of Guyana in the 500 invitational , and her time of 1:11. 82. Hayley Tullet of Britain held off 41-year-old Lyubov Kremlyova of Russia to win the women ' s mile in 4:27. James Thie of Wales and the New York Athletic Club came on with a rush to win the men ' s mile in 4:02. 05 , with Dan Wilson second in 4:02.
" I told Vice President Cheney I ' m aware of the challenges that confront your president , " Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told me after he launched Operation Protective Wall a few days ago. " There is seemingly a conflict of interests between America ' s need to establish a coalition against Saddam Hussein and Israel ' s need to fight Palestinian terror. " The Israeli leader believes this is only a " seeming " conflict , not a real one. " If the U. S. goes after Saddam , Israel will stand behind you. You will win your war with Iraq -- and it will be a short one -- and then you will leave the region.
If you ' re ready for a blunt , detailed answer to that question , computer-based gadgets selling for $200 or less will provide it. Others store the facts on a computer chip , to be downloaded later and put into charts where , for example , all extreme braking is shown with bright red lines. Two of the electronic backseat drivers were recently updated to keep even closer tabs on the behavior of both engine and driver: the CarChip from Davis Instruments of Hayward , Calif. , ( www. davisnet. com ) ; and the ScanGauge II by Linear-Logic of Mesa , Ariz. , ( www.
Chris Martens , an ESPN producer , thought Mace Brown , a former Pittsburgh Pirate , was offering him a rare treasure recently. As a rookie pitcher in 1935 , Brown witnessed Babe Ruth ' s last three home runs , slugged in Forbes Field as a Boston Brave. He had wanted to make a documentary about Ruth for at least 10 years , since collaborating with Ruth ' s daughter , Dorothy Pirone , on a book about the Babe. And he was not the only one on the cinematic trail of the legendary slugger. ESPN ' s is not a a biography but a smorgasbord of segments that examine Ruth ' s role as the first superstar , his self-marketing , his value to the memorabilia market , his impact on the language and his unfulfilled desire to manage.
It is possible to find local services like movie theaters and car dealers on the Internet by typing your ZIP code into a search box on many Web sites. But the success of these searches depends on the indexing capabilities of the particular search engine , in addition to how well the site has been registered , two factors that can vary a great deal. That is the impetus behind a proposal by SRI International , a nonprofit company in Menlo Park , Calif. , that is looking to reorganize some Web sites according to geography. The company ( which has wholly owned commercial subsidiaries and would charge a fee for.
POWER , TERROR , America ' s Grand Strategy in a World at Risk. 95. WALTER RUSSELL MEAD is the Henry A. Kissinger senior fellow in United States foreign policy at the Council on Foreign Relations. Despite the crushing respectability of that title , Mead has earned a deserved reputation as one of the country ' s liveliest thinkers about America ' s role in the world. Mead says , " A mix of incredulity , outrage , shock , anger and despair is running through the foreign policy establishment as many of its most cherished ideas and institutions are impatiently brushed aside. "
PROFESSIONAL life could not have been sweeter for Rick Brunson , the peripatetic point guard , when Pat Riley summoned him to Miami last summer and offered him not only a job , and not only a one-year guaranteed contract , but also the promise of a long run to a championship series. And then came October , and the training-camp circle around the sad-faced coach , and the shocking news that Alonzo Mourning would not be joining them anytime soon. Brunson knew why because he could see why , in the famous coach ' s " facial expressions , his body language. "
When Liberian citizens late last month deposited the corpses of their friends and loved ones , killed by rebel shells , at the gate of the American Embassy compound in the capital of Monrovia , they were not only issuing a desperate plea for salvation but also making a statement of responsibility: it is you , the United States , who must answer our prayers. But why ? Because freed American slaves settled in Liberia 180 years ago ? Can the dim colonial past exert a tug even on the hardheaded policy makers in the Bush administration ? During the presidential campaign , George Bush took this position to its logical conclusion when he said that he would not have intervened in Rwanda in 1994 had he been president , even though close to a million people died in the ensuing genocide.
In September , when the snow starts to bury Grand Teton National Park , pronghorn antelope follow an ancient exit strategy. The graceful white-rumped antelope have used that route for at least 7 , 000 years , archaeological records show. Biologists are worried about the herd. Not about the antelope themselves -- Wyoming has hundreds of thousands -- but about the fate of this disappearing behavior. In four places , the rugged topography narrows the migration corridor to a few hundred yards. One bottleneck has recently been converted from open prairie to an intensively developed natural gas field. At night , the dark rural sky lights up with the flames of flaring wells.
He was on the inactive list , watching at home on Long Island , because Al Groh , then the Jets ' coach , had lost faith in him. Instead , the Jets lost , 10-7 , and Groh decided to bring in Brett Conway for the Jets ' final game and their last chance to make the postseason. With 59 seconds left today , however , Hall was on the field and was the focal point for the more than 62 , 000 people here at Network Associates Coliseum , and the Jets ' fans at home willing their team not to repeat that collapse.
It ' s true. Irabu made his return to Yankee Stadium yesterday after a tuneup session in the minor leagues , and he was the winning pitcher as the Yankees defeated Kansas City , 9-3. Irabu gave a mixed performance , lasting five and a third innings , giving up six hits , three runs , two walks and striking out five , including four of the Royals ' first five batters. His record would look a lot better if Luis Sojo had not misjudged a soft line drive by Mike Macfarlane in the fifth inning. The worrisome part for the Yankees is that Irabu promptly started giving up long booming balls that could have fetched more rain from the heavy clouds over the Stadium.
She has been indicted and deposed and made to march before tabloid paparazzi , but Martha Stewart is now taking her case to the people , electronically.  " After more than a year , the government has decided to bring charges against me for matters that are personal and entirely unrelated to the business of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia , " Ms. Stewart wrote in an open letter posted on a Web site that began operating early yesterday. " marthatalks. com , is part of an offensive by Ms. Stewart in the wake of her indictment on conspiracy , obstruction of justice and securities fraud charges.
FOREIGN aid , done right , can be the gift that keeps on giving -- giving back , that is. Too often , Americans think of foreign aid as charity. Throughout President Bush ' s tour through Africa , he emphasized a moral obligation to help those in need -- the less-fortunate masses. His administration ' s notion that foreign aid is best delivered by private charities and religious organizations only deepens the altruistic symbolism. If Americans want to help people overseas , they can write the checks themselves , in whatever amounts they want. But left to individuals , international charity would fall short of the efficient amount of foreign aid.
Jerome Bettis , the Pittsburgh Steelers running back , recalled a game against the Jacksonville Jaguars two years ago in which he had to come out because he couldn ' t breathe. The three athletes told their stories in Manhattan yesterday at a news media briefing for Asthma All-Stars , a new national asthma-education program. FRANK LITSKY PLUS: MEDICAL NEWS
The Seton Hall coach rekindled the series with the Dragons because he knew that after a tough season-opening weekend in Indiana , his Pirates would need to build their confidence and enhance their record. And with superior size and athleticism , they did just that last night before a crowd of 6 , 073 at Continental Arena in East Rutherford , N. J. Behind a balanced offensive attack that yielded four players who scored at least 12 points , the Pirates ran to a solid , if not spectacular , 83-70 victory over Drexel. The all Big-East point guard Shaheen Holloway had 18 points and 10 assists as Seton Hall won its second straight contest to even its mark at 2-2.
After the Knicks escaped with a wild 89-80 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers , Ewing vented his disappointment with Madison Square Garden fans , who have booed the Knicks ( 12-6 ) regularly this season. If you go other places , when the team is playing bad , the fans still support them. Asked if the booing had been worse this year , Ewing said , " It has been worse , especially early. " Ewing has indicated many times that he would like to finish his career with the Knicks , so Saturday ' s uncharacteristic comments could have been nothing more than frustration.
&amp; P. The Great Atlantic &amp; Pacific Tea Company , as the grocery chain is formally known , announced yesterday that its former auditors , Deloitte &amp; Touche , had notified the company of a " reportable condition " related to its internal controls concerning vendor allowances. &amp; P. replaced Deloitte with PricewaterhouseCoopers. Deloitte notified the chairman of the audit committee of the problems on Aug. 21 , the company said. &amp; P. did not say why it had failed to mention the notification when it announced the change in auditors on Sept. 11. &amp; P. spokesmen did not return telephone calls last night , after the company made the disclosure in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Faced with an aging population , America could safely call death a growth industry. But don ' t quit your day job just yet; this field , like so many others in music , may not offer the easiest way to earn a living. Many of us first became aware of music therapy when it was brandished as a mood-altering weapon by Government agents. , in 1993 , the F. B. I. tried to unsettle David Koresh and his followers with Nancy Sinatra ' s " These Boots Are Made for Walkin '. " According to Connie Tomaino , director of music therapy at Beth Abraham Health Services in the Bronx -- the neurological rehab center made famous by the book and the movie " Awakenings " -- medical music therapy is only now gaining recognition by mainstream physicians and the public.
Whatever the Federal Reserve does over the next few months , the American economy appears to be heading , on its own , into a period of slower economic growth. We are still talking about positive economic growth. " Virtually no economist is predicting a recession , only a slowdown to perhaps half the booming annual growth rate of more than 4 percent that prevailed from October through March. Many analysts consider such rapid growth to be inflationary , if it lasts long enough. Eventually , with very strong growth , shortages of labor and merchandise develop , which push up wages and prices.
Joseph Pellegrino , an Italian immigrant who became an executive in the pasta industry and coined the popular slogan , " Wednesday is Prince Spaghetti Day , " died last Monday at his home in Hallandale , Fla. In 1984 , Mr. Pellegrino told The Boston Globe that he came up with the " Wednesday is Prince Spaghetti Day " slogan with a friend in the advertising business in 1950. Mr. Pellegrino ' s son , Joseph P. Pellegrino , said that a friend , a Boston advertising agency executive , mentioned a similar slogan to his father -- that slogan was to be used by a macaroni industry association.
Many veteran turkey hunters are already prowling hardwood hillsides trying to locate male wild turkeys , which will become legal game when New York State ' s monthlong spring season for them opens May 1. The spring season , limited to bearded birds -- females are rarely so adorned -- comes when most hens are on their nests. Hens have to eat , too , and once the heady business of mating is done , the gobbler ' s contributions to the various females he has serviced are over. In addition to almost never having a beard , the hen is smaller and of a much lighter hue than the male , and its approach to the hidden hunter ' s yelping is totally unlike the strutting arrival of the gobbler.
This was going to be a column on the growing isolationism of the American people. Attack the Dubai ports deal to burnish your security credentials. Call for less foreign adventurism and more spending at home to win the Democratic base. Go hard against illegal immigration to win the working class. Rail against China and free trade deals to build support in the Midwest. Bingo ! The bulk of the evidence suggests there is no rising tide of isolationism in this country , even with the bloodshed in Iraq. Teixeira argues that instead of seeing a turn to isolationism , what we are seeing in poll after poll is public opinion returning to normal post-World War II levels , after the unusual 9/11 blip.
Baseball ' s acting commissioner will pause from his duties today -- he might even try to stay off the telephone for a few hours -- and watch his second-favorite team play. Bud Selig , board member and avid fan , will root for the Green Bay Packers to beat the New England Patriots in that other sport ' s Super Bowl. Selig ' s interest in the Packers predates his involvement with the Milwaukee Brewers by many years; he grew up as a Packers fan , and the Brewers did not come into existence until 1969 , when he was 35.
And after Friday night ' s victory against the Atlanta Hawks , reporters asked the Nets how it felt to have locked up a playoff spot for the fifth season in a row. The Nets ' postseason qualification seems to be a topic of discussion among everyone but the Nets themselves.  " We ' re in the playoffs ? " 3 seeding in the Eastern Conference , have perhaps proven themselves as legitimate contenders during their current 11-game winning streak. 1 team in the East , the Detroit Pistons , a week ago and will attempt to beat the No. 2 team , the Miami Heat , tonight.
The first-place 6-3 Giants are locked in a public relations match with the first-place 6-3 Jets , each team trying to hold serve in the court of popular opinion , with neither side wanting to fall behind in this not-so-subtle regional rivalry. So when the Giants played host to the Bengals two Sundays ago during the Jets ' bye week , Miller felt added pressure. " Several Giants said today that they spent their own day off watching the Jets ' 19-16 overtime victory over the Baltimore Ravens , a team that beat the Giants this season. By winning , the Jets , who lead the American Football Conference East , kept pace in the race with the Giants , who lead the National Football Conference East.
ROBERT LOCASCIO left his computer , took the elevator downstairs and walked into the corner Starbucks , not just for coffee and a muffin but as a way to illustrate how badly the Web treats its customers. starbucks. com ) and tried to get the answer to the same question. No documents were found. So he sent an e-mail message asking the question he had asked the man behind the counter , then waited for a reply.  " This is why only 1 to 2 percent of people who visit a site online wind up buying anything -- and why at least 90 percent of the people who enter the brick-and-mortar Starbucks buy something , " Mr. LoCascio said. "
The same could be said of the information technology and media industries. Although Nasdaq ' s plunge may lead some to fold , for others , the draw of luck is worth the trouble. And some of those bets paid off: Oprah Winfrey ' s new magazine became a hit; " Who Wants To Be A Millionaire " did indeed risk overexposure; after a bumpy beginning Oxygen Media showed signs of strength , and Inside. com found a niche in media circles. On the technology front , more remains unsettled , like the future of Internet taxation , and DoubleClick ' s plan to combine online and offline customer databases.
Inside the wrapper , however , is a special weekend business section that represents the first steps in The Austin American-Statesman ' s experiment in tailoring the familiar daily paper to the tastes , and someday maybe even the pocketbook , of every reader. Dr. Pennington -- he is an orthopedic surgeon -- is one of nearly 23 , 000 subscribers to The American-Statesman ' s Weekly Business Review , a financial news supplement that carries the market reports and stock tables the paper dropped from its weekend editions in a money-saving move last year. Because few people read the stock tables , The American-Statesman concluded , it would be cheaper to print and deliver a special section of business news and features only for those who requested it.
Ms. Bent , then an executive with a dot-com company , arrived in Buenos Aires two years ago on a Varig Airlines flight from São Paulo , but her suitcase did not. On the third day , Varig found her suitcase and promised to deliver it to her hotel within 45 minutes. After several hours ticked by , however , the airline informed Ms. Bent , now a public relations executive for CCG Investor Relations in Las Vegas. Varig said the mix-up was the fault of American Airlines , which had flown Ms. Neither carrier would compensate Ms. In the United States last year , just 4 of 1 , 000 passengers arrived without their checked baggage on the 17 biggest airlines , according to the Transportation Department , and the loss rate has declined substantially for nine of those airlines over the last five years.
What was expected to be the first high-level meeting in two decades between Iran and the United States did not occur today because Iran ' s Foreign Minister did not show up for a conference on Afghanistan attended by Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright. It was only after the meeting that the Iranians announced why their Foreign Minister , Kamal Kharazi , was represented by one of his deputies. He was said to be occupied accompanying Iran ' s President , Mohammad Khatami , on his New York rounds. The meeting was a higher-level version of at least half a dozen consultations attended over the last year by Russia , the United States and the six neighbors of Afghanistan -- Iran , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan , Tajikistan , China and Pakistan.
Each time Bill Glasson suffered another health setback , he wondered if his professional golf career was in jeopardy. Forget winning tournaments , Glasson ' s goal for 1997 was simply to win enough money to keep his P. G. A. Winning for the first time since the 1994 Phoenix Open , Glasson captured the Las Vegas Invitational , shooting a six-under-par 66. He finished 20 under par for the five-round tournament , one stroke better than David Edwards and Billy Mayfair. With his victory and the $324 , 000 check , Glasson qualified for next week ' s season-ending Tour Championship in Houston , reserved for the year ' s top 30 money winners.
Eleven of Europe ' s best race horses flew into South Florida today for the Breeders ' Cup , but , while the weather seemed suitable for flying , racing officials were bedeviled by an old problem: was it suitable for racing ? Bob Baffert alone had seven of his stars taking their final dress rehearsals , including the undefeated juvenile filly Chilukki , the great Silverbulletday and his leading candidate for the $4 million Classic , General Challenge. Most of the Europeans will run on the grass course , which has been inundated with storm water and may not afford them much chance of working out.
Corporate profit margins -- earnings as a percentage of revenues -- have been running at close to all-time highs , but they can improve only so much. High margins in any industry are an invitation for fresh competitors to enter the marketplace and skim some of the cream. That puts a ceiling on margins in the best of times , and as the slowing of economic output in the first quarter showed , these are not the best of times. That could make revenue growth difficult and profit growth more difficult still. Companies can also improve margins by cutting costs , but there are limits to how much leaner and meaner they can become before the quality of their products and services begins to suffer.
JOSEPH KINNEARY ' S inability to urinate in close proximity to other people almost cost him his job. Even now , he is fighting sanctions that have relegated him to desk work from his old perch as a boat captain for New York City. For some of them , it can be a career killer because it deprives them of the ability to produce urine for random drug tests. Now , though , those who suffer from the syndrome , technically called paruresis but more commonly referred to as shy bladder syndrome , are beginning to fight back. They argue that penalties exacted against them by their employers , from demotions to dismissals , violate antidiscrimination laws.
Mr. Apgar , 62 , a director at Boston Consulting Group , has been working from a high-tech home office for much of the last decade while advising his big corporate clients on how they can maximize their use of real estate -- or even get rid of it when employees telecommute. The office , really a collection of work stations , is equipped with computers and fax machines and has broadband access and separate fax and telephone lines; there is room for colleagues or visiting clients. Mr. Apgar then earned a business degree from Harvard Business School , where he was among the 20 students to take its first real estate course , then joined McKinsey &amp; Company to build a corporate real estate and urban development practice.
That is because they know what every other team knows: the Redskins will control the direction of the National Football League draft next Saturday and Sunday. The Redskins own the second and third overall picks , which almost guarantees that they will get a good player unless they make a trade. But the chances of the Redskins -- especially with a skilled talent evaluator like Vinny Cerrato running their draft -- picking two consecutive busts are extremely low. Thus , the Redskins are in an enviable position. They already have a team loaded with talent , and now they have the opportunity to draft at least one of the Penn State stars in defensive lineman Courtney Brown and linebacker LaVar Arrington.
There could not be a more fitting representation of the Giants ' season than what happened today in their last offensive series against the New England Patriots. Ugly , ugly , ugly. When the former Giant and current New England running back David Meggett took a Mike Horan punt 60 yards for a touchdown to cut the Giants ' lead to 22-17 , you could see the jaw tighten on the face of Dan Reeves and the smile widen on the face of Bill Parcells. After the touchdown , Meggett kneeled down and kissed the turf and , soon , the Giants will kiss Reeves goodbye.
Jets Coach Al Groh looked like the unhappiest 6-2 coach imaginable today. Midway through the season , the Jets are tied atop their division. But the problems that pockmarked their successful first half , only to be briefly concealed when the Jets produced a string of comeback victories , were on display in all their ugliness in their loss to Buffalo Sunday. The Jets have given up too many of each in the first half , producing deficits that created the need for the fourth-quarter comebacks that have defined the team. With the Dolphins and the Colts sharing the top perch in the American Football Conference East , it is entirely possible that the Jets could play well in the second half and still not make the playoffs.
Following is a transcript of President Bush ' s address to the United Nations yesterday , as recorded by The New York Times: Mr. Secretary General , Mr. President , distinguished delegates and ladies and gentlemen. We meet one year and one day after a terrorist attack brought grief to my country and brought grief to many citizens of our world. Today we turn to the urgent duty of protecting other lives , without illusion and without fear. We ' ve accomplished much in the last year in Afghanistan and beyond. Many nations represented here have joined in the fight against global terror and the people of the United States are grateful.
A new survey of internal perceptions of the integrity of United Nations officials has found that while procedures for reporting and combating corruption exist , most staff members either are unaware of how to use them or fear retaliation if they do. While the study was conducted before the United Nations ' reputation for institutional responsibility was undermined by charges this spring that its officials might have been involved in corruption in the Iraq oil-for-food program , it is being made public at a time when Secretary General Kofi Annan has been forced by the widespread publicity given those charges to appoint a high-level panel to look into them.
The number 23 has become a benchmark for the Knicks. Last season , the number represented futility as they only won 23 games. If the Knicks ( 22-28 ) win one of their next three games , they will match last season ' s win total before the All-Star Game break , which would be a victory of sorts. It would be great to go into the All-Star break with more wins than we had last season , just so we can have those days to kind of reflect back and come back in revitalized. " In their finale last season , the Knicks defeated the Nets , 90-83 , to snap a five-game losing streak and finish 23-59 , their worst season in 20 years.
Four men arrested for falsely posing as American government officials and illegally detaining Afghans were conducting their own self-styled antiterrorism campaign , Afghan and American officials said Thursday. The four men , three of them Americans , illegally held eight Afghans for 12 days in the basement of a house where they had set up a fake export company , the officials said.  " Three foreigners made up their own group and pretended they were against those who conduct terrorist operations , " Ali Ahmed Jalali , Afghanistan ' s interior minister , said Thursday at a news conference. " Three of the Afghans who were detained were brothers who had past ties to the political party of Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , a pro-Taliban commander , but officials said none of them were involved in terrorism and were , in fact , now employees of Afghanistan ' s new government.
American League ANAHEIM ANGELS--Recalled INF Alfredo Amezaga from Salt Lake of the PCL. Purchased the contract of C Sal Fasano from Salt Lake. BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Placed LHP Yorkis Perez on the 60-day disabled list. Purchased the contract of LHP Eric DuBose from Bowie of the Eastern League. BOSTON RED SOX--Announced the resignation of Dr. Arthur Pappas , medical director. TEXAS RANGERS--Purchased the contract of LHP Ben Kozlowski from Tulsa of the Texas League. Moved INF-OF Frank Catalanotto from the 15-day to the 60-day disabled list. Announced a player development contract with Spokane of the Northwest League through the 2004 season. National League FLORIDA MARLINS--Announced a two-year player development contract with Carolina of the Southern League.
Most lived off his largess , professed their loyalty to him and knew little , they say , about his business dealings , which authorities now say they believe involved the wholesale theft of the insurance companies ' assets. He paid for her journey from Russia after she answered a personal ad he placed in a Russian pornographic magazine. She and others who worked for him say Mr. Frankel grew unhappy with the new business colleagues he had recruited to help expand his empire. After several late-night visits from businessmen seeking cash for unlikely ventures , Mr. Frankel vehemently complained that he had enemies who were blackmailing him , they said.
Marian , 16 , has set her sights on schools in New Haven and New York , so she has loaded herself down with honors and advanced placement classes , refuses to cut back her extracurricular activities and has hung on to her part-time summer job to fatten up her savings account.  " The stock market is the best way to accumulate wealth; it is not the place to be for a short period of time , " ' said Scott Kays , president of the Kays Financial Advisory Corporation in Atlanta. " He suggested putting the money in low-risk investments like certificates of deposit , short-term bond funds or money market funds.
IN June 1999 , an otherwise healthy John Shea had a seizure at his home in Meriden. The diagnosis: a rare form of cancer known as a glioblastoma multiforme. How could this be coincidence ? " A glioblastoma moves like a jellyfish in the brain , invading with its tentacles and typically killing its host within 12 months. Surgery can add just a few months of life; if a tentacle is cut off , another quickly grows to take its place. With the help of the machinists ' union at Pratt &amp; Whitney , they compiled a list of 16 employees in North Haven alone who had died of glioblastoma tumors.
Brian Cashman was still an assistant general manager with the Yankees when an official from the Oakland Athletics raised the possibility of trading Scott Brosius to New York last fall.  " I don ' t think so , " Cashman told Billy Beane , then assistant general manager for Oakland. " After Cashman and Bob Watson , then the Yankee general manager , checked with their scouts , others assured them that Brosius was worth having -- and the rest is history. Brosius hammered two home runs Tuesday night in Game 3 of the World Series and singled home the third run of the game tonight to help the Yankees wrap up their 24th title.
Petr Korda , reviving a career plagued by injuries , upset the United States Open champion Patrick Rafter yesterday to set up a clash with the big-serving Richard Krajicek in the final of the Eurocard Open in Stuttgart , Germany. Krajicek , the 1996 Wimbledon champion , overcame Jonas Bjorkman , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3. 05 million event. Korda had beaten Rafter twice in their previous three encounters , although the Australian had won the last match , in the semifinals of the Grand Slam Cup last month. Rafter never looked at ease against the left-handed Czech , who can play on all surfaces and has a devastating backhand passing shot.
COMING off a season of ratings setbacks and needing to find hits to replace two departing signature shows -- " Ally McBeal " and " The X-Files " -- the Fox network announced a new prime-time lineup yesterday that was filled with changes. And the network ' s new shows will be introduced in a complicated rollout pattern that will delay two new nights of programs until after the World Series concludes and another night of programs until next winter. All told , between its fall and winter start dates , Fox is adding 10 new series , the most of any network.
This time , the revolution may be telecast on premium cable. Among the increasingly vocal , yet frustrated and fragmented , reformers of sport , the only point of agreement seems to be that sometime soon , perhaps between the Bowl Championship Series and the Final Four , something will happen to alert America to its runaway athletic culture. Conservative reformers hope that the National Collegiate Athletic Association will pinch and weed its wild garden of rules and enforce violations more aggressively. The more progressive envision mild civil disobedience that will include consciousness-raising teach-ins. Radicals predict college athletes will threaten a sit-down strike moments before the big game unless television producers come up with cash , or at least a benefits package.
Just a block of wood with hinges on the back , a few words across the lid and a few more inside. But this relic offers a peek into who the intense basketball coach at the University of Connecticut is , and why he is who he is. He is a highly successful coach who turned ordinary UConn into an extraordinary team and who will make his sixth visit to the round of 16 in 12 seasons with the Huskies ( 31-4 ) when they oppose Washington ( 20-9 ) Thursday night in the National Collegiate Athletic Association East Regional semifinals.
National Public Radio has quietly inaugurated its first Internet-only radio program.  " All Songs Considered , " available in a streaming audio format from the show ' s Web site ( www. org/programs/asc ) , features full-length versions of the brief musical excerpts heard between segments on NPR ' s " All Things Considered " news magaine. Although NPR makes some of its on-air shows available through its Web site , the leap by a major radio organization into Internet-only programming helps validate the concept of using the Web to " narrow-cast " to a smaller listener base. Bob Boilen serves as the disc jockey for " All Songs Considered. "
Vinny Testaverde , the Jet quarterback , said today that he had enlisted another kind of jet for off-season workouts. He bought a jet plane for commuting to the team ' s drills from his home in Tampa , a move that should keep both player and coach happy. Coach Bill Parcells had told the news media that he would not sign a player who did not agree to the Jets ' " voluntary " off-season program of 40 workouts. Testaverde said that Parcells ' s threat , tying the workouts to being signed , was " a negotiating ploy. "
The coral had taken its toll on the snorkel team. Mosquitoes the size of Messerschmitts dive-bombed the tennis courts. Peace is hell. Heading stateside on a T. W. A. civilian transport , one of the boys handed over the May issue of Esquire , and there it was: " Ghost Soldiers , " an excerpt from a new book about the liberation of a Japanese prison camp in the Philippines in 1945. Army rangers risking their lives in hand-to-hand combat !  " Pearl Harbor , " a $135 million production starring Ben Affleck , opens on the Memorial Day weekend. "
With Mayor Rudolph Giuliani at his side , Gov. George Pataki unveiled a broad plan on Tuesday to make New York economically whole in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks on the World Trade Center. He asked the federal government for $54 billion to carry it out. The plan , which would reimburse the city and state for everything from cleanup costs to lost tax revenues , is undeniably comprehensive. The two politicians should refine the list , focus on recovery and hew closely to the maxim enunciated by the mayor himself: " The federal aid that we ask for should be honestly connected to the World Trade Center. "
The Knicks have won their last 14 home games. Tonight , they play host to the Boston Celtics , one of the worst teams in the National Basketball Association. The Knicks ( 30-13 ) , hoping to avoid a letdown , will try to beat Boston for the third time this month , but they may be shorthanded. John Starks missed yesterday ' s practice with a sore right collarbone , the same injury that forced him to miss four games last week. Starks played in Sunday ' s 95-89 victory over the Miami Heat , but the soreness returned and he is questionable for the Boston game.
Pete Sampras , who tore a hip flexor early in his Australian Open semifinal loss to Andre Agassi on Thursday night , will miss the first-round cup match Feb. 4-6. Andre Agassi will now have a much more essential role to play in Harare after he finishes here against Yevgeny Kafelnikov in Sunday ' s final. Sampras is expected to be sidelined for three to four weeks with the hip flexor injury. A magnetic resonance imaging scan conducted this morning revealed a significant tear of the muscle. Sampras , who has declined to play Davis Cup for much of the last four years , informed the new American captain John McEnroe of his withdrawal by phone. "
It was not quite the daily double at the Meadowlands , but today ' s running of the Keirin cycling race was a reminder that not all Olympic sports have the heroic pedigree of the decathlon. The Keiren ( pronounced KAY-rin ) is making its debut in these Olympics. It has thrived in Japan since the 1940 ' s , where it is the object of huge parimutuel betting. That unpredictability proved poison to the top American cyclist , Marty Nothstein , who on Wednesday won the first track-cycling gold medal for the United States in a nonboycott Olympic Games since 1904.
Martha Stewart ' s lawyer wasted no time yesterday suggesting that his client had become a target for government prosecutors on account of her fame. her lawyer , Robert Morvillo , asked in a statement challenging the motives behind her indictment on charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice. The lead federal prosecutor in the case , James B. Comey , insisted that the answer to that question was no. " Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not for who she is , but because of what she did , " said Mr. Comey , the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York.
With estimates running into the billions of dollars , Merrill ' s shares have been bouncing all over the map. Merrill executives hope to reach a settlement soon with Eliot L. Spitzer , the attorney general of New York , that would require Merrill to pay a fine of as much as $100 million. But that may be just the beginning: the real cost of that agreement , if it can be reached , would hinge on what Merrill says in response to Mr. Spitzer ' s accusations. Mr. Spitzer has demanded that Merrill admit to wrongdoing , while the firm ' s executives are holding out hope that apologies will suffice , people close to the negotiations said.
With 699 students , Joel Barlow is less than half the size of Wolfinger ' s high school in Portland; and Redding ' s suburban affluence also made the teen-ager uneasy. At first , Jack argued with everyone -- officials , opponents , his own teammates , " said Bob Menegay , his coach at Joel Barlow. " But he more than held his own against some good competition. Even at a time when young men frequently come from lives of extreme hardship to excel in college , Wolfinger ' s story is striking. The microwave was important because about all I ever ate were instant noodles -- sometimes three times a day.
In the first few days of the military assault on Iraq , Internet traffic soared as users turned to news media Web sites for information on the war. While most news sites handled the spikes in activity well , there were slowdowns and blackouts at some sites , including the publicly accessible United States military sites. On Thursday , for instance , average daily traffic worldwide increased 200 percent for CNN. com , 218 percent for Foxnews. com , ComScore Media Metrix said. Several military sites , however , had trouble dealing with the increased traffic , said Keynote Systems , a company that tracks how long it takes Web users to access various Internet sites.
WHILE many hedge funds cushioned the impact of last year ' s market decline , there were some spectacular failures. Investors in Gotham Holdings , a small fund based in New York , ended the year down 90 percent as the hedge fund ' s technology portfolio plunged. Last year , as the stock market declined , many hedge funds proved their worth , taking advantage of their ability to bet on a stock ' s decline to protect their investors. While the Standard &amp; Poor ' s 500-stock index fell 10 percent , an index of 550 hedge funds rose 7.
THERE is no way that the television sportscaster Bob Costas , at 5 feet 7 and 49 years of age , could compete on a basketball court against Shaquille O ' Neal , the star center of the Los Angeles Lakers. But Mr. Costas once went one-on-one against Shaq in an investment contest. 7 percent gain by picking Cisco Systems , Microsoft , Dell Computer , EarthLink , Amazon. com and SportsLine USA ( now SportsLine. com Inc. ). 2 percent that Mr. Costas mustered from his choices: Quaker Oats , General Electric , Anheuser-Busch , Monsanto ( now part of Pharmacia ) , the Tribune Company and Lucent Technologies.
Edith Hirsch , a former commodities economist , died on Jan. 7 at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington , D. C. She was 103. Mrs. Hirsch specialized in agriculture trends and food distribution. The couple taught at the New School for Social Research in New York , where she earned a master of social science degree in 1943. Mrs. Hirsch disbanded the consulting firm when her husband died in 1961.
It was nearly midnight Tuesday when Richard Su , a volunteer driver who had been shuttling people from hospital to hospital in search of injured relatives and friends , came for Lynette Mohammed. It passed a slow-moving line of large excavation trucks and police officers who were guarding intersections.  " How about Beekman ? " Let ' s go home. " Less than 10 hours later , Mrs. Mohammed , flanked by the Banfields , was back at the St. Vincent ' s patient information center , where the crowd had grown to more than a thousand.
From the most raked-over historical fields to the latest technology , scholars and researchers continually manage to ask new questions , rethink old verities and produce fresh insights. Arts &amp; Ideas takes an occasional look at what some of today ' s thinkers -- the established as well as those who yearn to be -- are working on. Why do bond and securities traders trade the way they do ? Ms. Zaloom said. She is comparing the intensely personal interaction between traders of 30-year Treasury bond futures at the Chicago Board of Trade , the world ' s leading futures exchange , to the thoroughly computerized tools used in a securities trading room at a private investment bank in London.
Any realists affiliated with the Mets figured this was coming. They crossed their fingers , their legs and their toes each time a fly ball was hit to Todd Hundley , but it was inevitable that , sooner or later , the catcher hiding in the outfield would hurt the Mets with his defense. Hundley ' s initial misplay led to three Phillies runs in the first inning. The Mets tried to erase that deficit for nine futile innings before succumbing to Philadelphia , 4-2 , at Shea Stadium. Like Hundley , the Mets failed miserably. Two of Philadelphia ' s first-inning runs scored because of Hundley ' s weak judgment in left field , and the third scored because his mistake had kept the inning going.
Hope flitted in and out of the Knicks ' consciousness on Wednesday , but was ultimately crushed by a tide of health concerns and hints of internal strife. Eddy Curry ' s best performance in a Knicks uniform was cut short by an aggravated calf injury. Quentin Richardson ' s balky back flared again , forcing him to the bench. The end result was a 105-95 loss to the Orlando Magic that left the Knicks as mentally and physically distressed as they have been at any point this season. It was their ninth loss in 10 games and came mostly as a result of poor defense -- they had no steals and let the Magic shoot.
As if on cue , a soaking rain gave way to breezy sunshine today as the victorious French soccer team paraded down the Champs-Elysees in an open-air bus , carrying the World Cup championship trophy and the well wishes of an entire nation. Today ' s celebration , which followed wild jubilation after Sunday ' s 3-0 victory over Brazil , was further confirmation of how completely a once-indifferent country had become smitten with its soccer team. Bartok , a bar in the Bastille section , began the World Cup with a party to puncture soccer balls. But , by Sunday night , France had become so consumed that the celebrations on the Champs-Elysees were being compared to the liberation of Paris during World War II.
But the question of who owns those ideas has grown contentious. Mr. Smolan and Mr. Cohen , who are perhaps best known for creating the " Day in the Life " series of photography books in the 1980 ' s , have come up with an ambitious 21st-century version , called " America 24/7. " At 12:01 this morning , more than 1 , 000 professional photographers and tens of thousands of amateurs and students were to begin fanning out across the country to shoot a week in the life of the nation. The only requirement is that everyone use a digital camera.
The Dell Computer Corporation posted first-quarter earnings yesterday that matched analysts ' estimates , but the results disappointed some investors. For the quarter ended April 30 , Dell reported earnings of $434 million , or 16 cents a diluted share , up 42 percent from $305 million , or 11 cents a share , in the period a year earlier. Revenue rose 41 percent , to $5. Per-share figures reflect a reduction in shares outstanding because of stock buybacks. Analysts expected Dell to earn 16 cents a share , according to the First Call Corporation , which tracks company earnings. Before Dell reported its results , its shares closed at $44.
Despite creeping parity and the absence of the United States from the final of the Women ' s World Cup , power in women ' s soccer remains concentrated in North America and in northern Europe. Only the United States ( twice ) and Norway ( once ) have won the Women ' s World Cup. If Germany wins Sunday , it would be the first country to produce world champions in both men ' s and women ' s soccer. Sweden is a founding country for the women ' s game. The first international match for women was played between Finland and Sweden in 1973.
Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki demanded the removal of American checkpoints from the streets of Baghdad on Tuesday , in what appeared to be his latest and boldest gambit in an increasingly tense struggle for more independence from his American protectors. But by nightfall , American troops had abandoned all the positions in eastern and central Baghdad that they had set up last week with Iraqi forces as part of a search for a missing American soldier. The language of the declaration , which implied that Mr. Maliki had the power to command American forces , seemed to overstep his authority and to be aimed at placating his Shiite constituency.
AS trading moved toward a close on the worst day in stock market history , a crowd of young investment bankers gathered around the fringes of the trading floor at one of Wall Street ' s premier firms. But there they stood , in stunned silence , watching the electronic ticker tape march across the wall. It did not matter to them that the prices on the tape were hopelessly out of date , an hour or more old and , in some cases , dozens of dollars higher than the real prices at which trades were being made. The bankers were watching what was obviously an epochal event , wondering if it meant the end of their careers and of the comfortable , even extravagant , way of life that had made Wall Street an oasis of wealth.
Are America Online ' s promotional CD-ROM ' s -- those shrink-wrapped discs that regularly appear in your mailbox -- junk mail or pop-culture artifacts ? To John Lieberman and Jim McKenna , technology professionals from San Francisco , those seemingly ubiquitous CD ' s , which cannot be used for any other computer-related purpose , are " needless pollution. " nomoreaolcds. com , the two have embarked on an online mission to amass one million of the discs and deliver them to AOL ' s headquarters in Dulles , Va. An affiliate site is gathering discs in Britain , and other sites are being readied in Australia , France and Germany.
To Stephen M. Case , a founder of AOL , who now runs a company called Revolution which invests in resorts , " it ' s less about the trinkets and more about the experiences you take away. " He will discuss his " new definition of luxury " on Tuesday at a conference in Carlsbad , Calif. , sponsored by American Express , which publishes several luxury magazines. Mr. Case has already invested some $375 million in Revolution , which is also involved in health care , and expects to increase that to $500 million within a year. JANE L. LEVERE
After Baghdad fell , Lt. Col. Amer Abdullah al-Rubaie stayed at home and waited to resume his career as an officer in the Iraqi Army. To Colonel Rubaie , a special forces instructor and son of a retired general , it seemed reasonable to assume that he would keep his privileged position in the military even if it meant serving a new master. He was fit , ready and pleased that Saddam Hussein was no longer his commander in chief. But no one has called Colonel Rubaie or any other members of the national army , which the American occupation authority disbanded by decree six months ago.
THOUGH United States stock fund managers turned in a terrific average return of nearly 24 percent for all of last year , the final quarter was much trickier to navigate. They had to contend with ever-growing problems in Asia and the resulting stock market turbulence worldwide -- and many managers fared poorly at year-end. Christian A. Felipe , meanwhile , had a great year managing the MFS Strategic Growth fund , but a big drop in one holding in December trimmed his fund ' s gain for the fourth quarter. Under Bill Nygren , the 14-month-old Oakmark Select fund gained 55 percent last year , to finish second in the diversified domestic stock group.
Three months before the most difficult election of Chancellor Helmut Kohl ' s career , some economists say he is buying as many new jobs as the German Government can afford. The Government reported today that the number of unemployed workers declined by 223 , 400 in May , one of the biggest monthly reductions in years. Officials called the report evidence of a turnaround in German joblessness , which edged down to 11. Coming after reports last week that the economy grew at a surprisingly strong annual rate of 3. 8 percent in the first three months of this year , the new statistics are expected to help Mr. Kohl ' s struggling campaign for re-election in September.
For two days , Marcus Camby had no strength for basketball , deeply shaken by the hostage situation that his family members endured Monday and that he and they had been reliving since. Yet after gratefully accepting flowers , food baskets and phone calls at home Tuesday , Camby , the Knicks ' center , needed a reprieve.  " This is where I want to be , " Camby said in a somber , almost fragile , voice , speaking publicly for the first time since the standoff ended; there were nearly 70 reporters and cameras around him. " Knicks Coach Jeff Van Gundy pronounced that Camby " did fine " today , but Camby said he did not know how he would be for Game 2 of the Knicks ' playoff series against the Toronto Raptors on Thursday night in Madison Square Garden.
But it was talent and depth that proved the difference yesterday afternoon at Madison Square Garden , two things that the Villanova Wildcats have far more of than the Red Storm. After playing an inspiring first half in which it came away with a 2-point lead , the Red Storm was worn down by the Wildcats , who outlasted St. John ' s , 82-70 , before a crowd of 10 , 283. Villanova , ranked No. 5 in the Associated Press news media poll , used the sterling play of the senior guard Alvin Williams and the inside power of center Jason Lawson to overcome a credible effort by St. John ' s. Williams keyed the Wildcats ' transition game and piled up 21 points , 8 rebounds and 6 assists.
A sleep-deprived Bill Parcells would not allow the Jets to believe that close is good enough today. Beating the Patriots at Foxboro Stadium would have given the Jets more victories this season than they had all of last season. In a raucous prime-time television atmosphere , the Patriots scored on their opening drive. But on their next possession , Tom Tupa recorded the first blocked punt of his career ( by his former teammate Corwin Brown ) and that positioned a Jets drive that was capped by the unusual sight of seeing Neil O ' Donnell score. Parcells admitted today that he might have gone for the 2-point conversion and the instant victory if he had a timeout remaining.
The scene struck me as an example of the gap between the antiquated governing structures of Saudi Arabia and the very modern economic and social challenges the country faces. Most royal courts long ago relinquished their power to civilian governments and now serve mostly to honor tradition and attract tourists. But in Saudi Arabia the royal family runs the country , commands the military , sets economic and foreign policies and deals with its subjects in the manner of the kings and queens of a bygone era. Crown Prince Abdullah is by all accounts a thoughtful , uncorrupted ruler , and the foreign minister , Prince Saud al-Faisal , has a sophisticated understanding of international issues.
CLAUDIO DEL VECCHIO fondly remembers the scent of oil at his father ' s eyeglasses factory in Agordo , in the Italian Alps. Last month , he agreed to acquire Brooks Brothers , the 183-year-old menswear company that dressed Abraham Lincoln and Fred Astaire. Mr. Del Vecchio has promised to reinvigorate Brooks Brothers , once synonymous with button-down elegance. There ' s never been a big retail turnaround in America , " said Richard E. Jaffe , a retail analyst at UBS Warburg. " Mr. Del Vecchio , 44 , has long labored in the shadow of his father , Leonardo , who founded and runs the Luxottica Group , the eyewear giant that makes Ray-Ban sunglasses and products for fashion houses like Chanel and Armani.
If anyone can persuade , cajole , coerce or at least calm the unruly jury weighing the case against two former Tyco executives , it may be Justice Michael J. Obus of New York State Supreme Court , in the view of some outside lawyers and others who know him. Last week , jurors appeared to be irreparably divided as they weighed charges that Tyco ' s former chief executive , L. Dennis Kozlowski , and its former chief financial officer , Mark H. Swartz , essentially stole hundreds of millions of dollars from the company. Then on Friday , jurors advised the justice that their deliberations were " irreparably compromised. "
Efforts by True North Communications to acquire Bozell , Jacobs , Kenyon &amp; Eckhardt took a big step forward yesterday when a Federal judge in Illinois granted True North a temporary restraining order against attempts by a former partner , Publicis S. A. , to derail the deal. True North had sought to enjoin Publicis in a countersuit filed last Wednesday , which answered a suit filed on Nov. 26 by Publicis Communication , the advertising arm of Publicis in Paris. 4 percent of the shares of Chicago-based True North , sued to block the acquisition on the ground that it cost too much and would not help True North expand internationally.
The best book I ' ve read about America after 9/11 isn ' t about either America or 9/11. It ' s " War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning , " an essay on the psychology of war by Chris Hedges , a veteran war correspondent. Better than any poll analysis or focus group , it explains why President Bush , despite policy failures at home and abroad , is ahead in the polls. Lurking beneath the surface of every society , including ours , " he says , " is the passionate yearning for a nationalist cause that exalts us , the kind that war alone is able to deliver. "
LAST May , Dave DeBusschere , the former New York Knicks star , collapsed and died from a heart attack at age 62 while walking to lunch in Lower Manhattan. Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death among American men , claiming more than 260 , 000 lives each year. According to the Framingham Heart Study of the National Institutes of Health , nearly half of all coronary deaths affect people , like Dave DeBusschere , with no history of heart disease symptoms. One approach to finding the disease at a treatable stage is a test that detects calcium deposits in the walls of coronary arteries.
And the steady , predictable stream of profits generated by the dominant local telephone company in the Southeast. At its corporate headquarters in a nondescript high-rise here , it seems as if BellSouth remains untouched by the frenzied changes that have shaken the telecommunications world in recent years. Among the seven regional Bell companies that emerged from the 1984 breakup of AT&amp;T , only BellSouth is still , primarily , a regional phone company. After a wave of mergers and takeovers in the industry , however , BellSouth has been eclipsed , currently ranking No. And yet , by forgoing national expansion to focus on local service in the same nine states where it has operated the last 17 years , BellSouth has found the local telephone business a haven in the storm that has ravaged so much of the rest of the telecommunications industry.
After more than a month of rising defiance , the Iraqi Government postponed a vote today in which its Parliament had appeared ready to take further steps along a collision course with its Western foes. Instead , Parliament issued only a mild statement critical of the American-led air strikes against Iraq last month. Those attacks prompted calls from some legislators for measures that would have been a direct challenge to the United Nations. But the legislative body is an instrument of President Saddam Hussein ' s Government , and it appears that Baghdad decided skirt a further confrontation. Only hours before today ' s vote , a majority of the 250-member Parliament appeared ready to formally reject several of the United Nations resolutions that were imposed on Iraq after it invaded Kuwait in 1990.
If the owners somehow ratify the labor agreement at their meeting in Chicago on Wednesday , Major League Baseball will have a new economic scorekeeping system. Scheduled to be in effect for the next three seasons , the luxury tax is designed to put a drag on player salaries by inducing teams to lower their payrolls to avoid paying the tax. The new method for computing payrolls will differ in four ways from the long-used system: *Average annual value of multiyear contracts will be the basic figures used instead of yearly salary plus a prorated share of a bonus. *Contracts for a team ' s 40-man roster will be included instead of limiting the payroll to players who are on a team ' s 25-man major league roster or disabled list on Aug. 31.
The Dallas Mavericks made a trade with the San Antonio Spurs on draft day last June. The Mavericks received the Spurs ' first-round pick , the 29th and last of the first round , 19-year-old Leon Smith out of Martin Luther King High School in Chicago. No stranger to condemnation for his hard-line dealings with New Age stars , the onetime reputed " players ' coach " now had to explain why Smith was in a Dallas psychiatric hospital after the police said he had ingested approximately 250 aspirin tablets in what may have been a suicide attempt. How could this have happened , and could Nelson and the Mavericks have prevented it ?
On Jan. 15 , 1995 , with fanfare and international publicity , 14 gray wolves from Canada were released in the midst of the world ' s largest elk and buffalo herds , to be the seed , it was hoped , of a new breeding population in the Northern Rockies. More than 700 wolves now roam the Northern Rockies. And the federal government says it is time to end the protections. Sometime this month or next , the federal Fish and Wildlife Service plans to change the status of the gray wolves in and around Glacier National Park , to " threatened , " from " endangered. "
Members of America ' s professional and managerial classes have always left college and graduate school confident of at least one thing: Unless they let their driver ' s licenses lapse , they had taken their last test. A growing number of companies , from General Motors and American Express to Norwest Mortgage and Supervalu , are no longer satisfied with traditional job interviews. They are making applicants for many white-collar jobs -- for top executives on down -- run a gantlet of paper-and-pencil tests , role-playing exercises , decision-making simulations and brain-teasers. Others put candidates through a long series of interviews by psychologists or trained interviewers , a bit like oral exams.
The Irish real estate group bidding for the beleaguered Millennium Dome in London has hit a snag in negotiations with the British government over a profit-sharing proposal , people close to the talks say. The group , called Legacy , has bid $:125 million ( $184 million ) to turn the site -- which cost $:850 million ( $1. 25 billion ) to build -- into a high-tech business park. Negotiations are expected to be complete by early February. Legacy became a preferred bidder after negotiations with Nomura International , the Japanese bank , fell through in September. Eighty percent of Legacy is owned by Treasury Holdings , which is based in Dublin.
AS anti-war protesters disrupted the Senate late Thursday afternoon with their chant , " No money for war , " Senator Charles E. Schumer , Democrat of New York , wryly observed to colleagues on the floor that the protesters were Senate staffers driven mad by tortured budget talks. The senator was poking fun at the Cirque du Soleil contortions of Republican Congressional leaders , who devised a spending blueprint that could pass muster with Senate moderates who favor a smaller tax cut than President Bush and House conservatives , who want all the tax cuts they can get. There were plenty of reasons Republican leaders were willing to shed their fiscal dignity and discipline to push off the real tax fight for a while.
Money talks , in any currency , in any language , in any business , including a locked-out National Hockey League. Monetary incentives are evident in the increasing exodus of N. H. L. players to professional teams in Europe. The warring sides are not discussing their bitter financial fight , and there have been no negotiations since Sept. 9. The lockout began Sept. 15; the regular season was to open Oct. 13. That number would stock almost half the prestigious North American circuit , where 30 teams dress 20 players for every game. The migration to Europe could be a factor in the negotiations toward a new collective bargaining agreement and it illustrates the changing economic dynamics of an increasingly global sport.
2 executive at CBS News , as president of the company ' s domestic network. The move is the latest in what has been four years of executive upheaval at the network , whose once-dominant ratings position in cable news has been wiped away by the surging Fox News Channel. S. , as CNN ' s domestic operation is known. The top job at the domestic network has turned over five times since 2000 and the job of heading all of CNN has changed hands three times in that span. In a telephone interview , Mr. Klein promised not to " move too quickly " in making personnel or programming changes. "
Lou Kusserow , an outstanding back who ran for two touchdowns in Columbia ' s monumental football upset of Army in 1947 and later became a producer for NBC Sports , died June 30 at his home in Rancho Mirage , Calif. The cause of death was complications from prostate cancer , according to his son Lou , a freelance producer and director for ESPN. The Cadets had not lost in four years , and their unbeaten streak of 32 games ( 30 victories and 2 scoreless ties ) was the longest among major teams. But Columbia struck back on a 28-yard pass from Gene Rossides to Bill Swiacki , who made a spectacular diving catch in the end zone and , minutes later , Kusserow ' s battering 2-yard touchdown run.
The rain resumed at Wimbledon on Saturday and so did the waiting game , a game that causes Andy Roddick nearly as much anxiety as the one that involves forehands , two-handed backhands and huge serves. Roddick , a fast-talking and quick-witted 21-year-old , has nervous energy to burn , and it was difficult to burn much Saturday afternoon as rain washed out the entire day ' s play , forcing Roddick and his third-round opponent , Taylor Dent , to seek refuge in the players ' lounge and listen over the loudspeaker to the intermittent weather updates from Chris Gorringe , the Wimbledon chief executive.
The Jets ' special teams coach , Mike Westhoff , flung his cane to the ground in disgust , and defensive tackle Jason Ferguson bit his lip to fight back the tears of frustration after the Jets were beaten for the 10th time , a 23-21 loss to the Dolphins. This is the threesome that , starting almost immediately , will begin rebuilding the Jets , and they spoke briefly about their plans. But on Sunday afternoon , with the Jets ' 6-10 season in pieces and the wounds of an all-too-typical loss still fresh , it was Edwards who spoke the loudest.
Order was restored to the Alps yesterday in St. Anton , Austria. After three days of delays on the mountain and snowballing doubts in the Austrian camp , the world ' s best ski team finally performed like the world ' s best ski team: sweeping the medals in the women ' s downhill at the world championships and getting a silver medal from the local hero Mario Matt in the men ' s combined event behind Norway ' s versatile Kjetil Andre Aamodt. But yesterday , after a forced three-day break in which heavy snow gave way to unseasonably warm temperatures , the snow was soft and the contours of the downhill relatively unfamiliar , but the women were not allowed another training run.
Tiger Woods is not ready to surrender the PGA Tour money title , or the player of the year award , just yet. Woods is seven under for the tournament , five strokes ahead of four players tied for second place -- K. J. Choi ( 71 ) , Sergio García ( 73 ) , Tim Herron ( 72 ) and Rocco Mediate ( 72 ). Even though he did not win a major championship this year , Woods has won four times in 2003 , tied with Davis Love III for the most victories on the Tour. Woods had a huge edge on Friday , playing one of the year ' s best rounds , on a golf course with brutally fast greens and severe rough.
Just seven years ago , VNU N. V. was a sleepy Dutch purveyor of content , through its ownership of newspapers and television stations in the Netherlands and an array of magazines across Europe. But as it watched its leading Dutch rivals , Elsevier and Wolters Kluwer , embark on global expansion programs , VNU worried that it would fall far behind. Through acquisitions totaling more than $8 billion since 1994 , VNU has turned itself into a leading provider of information about the media and consumers for use by media companies and advertisers. And many of its key assets are based in the United States.
The Florida Marlins want to finish off the Yankees and win the World Series tonight. They have the advantage in games , three to two , but they will not concede a game to bring back their best starter , Josh Beckett , on his normal four days ' rest for a possible Game 7 tomorrow. Marlins Manager Jack McKeon is going for it now. McKeon announced yesterday that he would start Beckett , the brash right-hander , on three days ' rest in Game 6 at Yankee Stadium. Pavano , who mastered the Yankees in Game 4 on Wednesday , would also be starting on three days ' rest.
When Sammy Sosa and the Chicago Cubs left Wrigley Field last weekend for the West Coast , Sosa had just tied Mark McGwire in their home run race by belting four in the three-game series against Milwaukee , and the Cubs had staged two dramatic come-from-behind victories. Sosa went 0 for 4 in a 6-4 loss to the Cincinnati Reds , and the Cubs managed just 6 hits , without a home run , let alone any late-inning heroics. Sosa ' s performance , in front of more than 40 family members whom the Cubs had flown in from the Dominican Republic as a surprise , left him one behind Mark McGwire , who had 64 after homering in the fourth inning tonight at Milwaukee.
Without losing stride , Ludacris , the sassy and sexy best-selling young rap star , and his new group , Disturbing Tha Peace , begin their song , " Posted , " from the top , this time slurring through some of the saltier verses. Disturbing Tha Peace is on the road promoting its coming album , " Golden Grain , " much as generations of musicians have before , performing their hottest songs and submitting to softball interviews. But instead of appearing on radio stations or MTV , they are taping a segment for Sessions@AOL , a series of short video programs that users of America Online can watch on their computers.
But a jet fighter , it seems , has nothing on a greater noctule bat , which apparently can intercept , capture and eat migrating birds in flight. Bird-eating bats are rare , and most reports of the phenomenon involve bats in the tropics capturing birds at rest. But new research by Spanish scientists , published this week in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , shows that the greater noctule bat , the largest European bat with a wingspan on the order of 18 inches , captures and consumes migrating passerines in large numbers. The researchers examined some 14 , 000 fecal pellets from bats collected in northern and southern Spain to see what the bats were eating.
Does the Bush administration know what it ' s doing in the Middle East ? On Thursday , a team from the Palestinian Authority met in the White House with the national security adviser , Condoleezza Rice , and was photographed with Secretary of State Colin Powell. One member of this Palestinian team was the newly appointed interior minister , Abdel Razak Yehiyeh , the man given the Herculean task of reforming the Palestinian security services. But why were the president ' s most senior advisers also meeting with Saeb Erekat , the man appointed by Yasir Arafat to head this delegation ?
Huber , of Garden City , N. Y. , defeated Randy Beil and Peter Zurkow in match play yesterday to advance to today ' s semifinals of the 50th annual amateur invitational tournament at the Seawane Club in Hewlett Harbor , N. Y. Huber , son of the actress Susan Lucci , eased by Zurkow , 4 and 3 , in the afternoon quarterfinal , after he received a break in his tight morning match against Beil. Today , Huber will face Casey Alexander , who upset Dick Siderowf on the 18th hole. Siderowf , a 60-year-old stockbroker from Westport , Conn. , whose 67 on Thursday was the lowest qualifying score , hammered his drive on the 18th into a tree.
The National Football League is planning to let its four television partners wire its players with microphones and put miniature cameras inside their helmets during preseason games. Umpires may also be outfitted with miniature cameras. ABC , CBS , Fox and ESPN have wanted to use such enhancements for years -- similar to those used by the old World League of American Football -- but the league resisted. Last season , cameras were allowed into locker rooms before games , and one player per team could wear a microphone during pre-game warmups. The N. F. L. may be reacting to the wishes of networks paying a combined $2.
The cellophane-covered , two-inch-thick book , titled " The Restoration of Fordham Basketball , Phase I , " is propped on a shelf behind Coach Bob Hill ' s desk at Rose Hill Gymnasium in the Bronx. The book , a compilation of Hill ' s first season at Fordham , tells of a successful but not joyful year. In describing what he called the " primitive habits " he is trying to alter , Hill said a Fordham player tried to steal a meal at a fast-food restaurant so he could pocket his $20 daily meal money. Hill , 51 , who coached the Knicks , the Indiana Pacers and the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association , guided Fordham to a 68-67 upset of 24th-ranked St. John ' s on Saturday at Madison Square Garden.
Doubts that Aetna Inc. got its billion dollar ' s worth when it bought the Prudential health care business last year have sent Aetna shares tumbling more than 12 percent in the last two days. The plunge followed complaints by Wall Street analysts that Aetna , the nation ' s largest health insurer , failed at a meeting with investors Monday to explain how the deal would deliver the immediate increases in profits that Aetna had projected. Aetna shares dropped to $60 , a two-year low on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , and rebounded to $61. Analysts said , for example , that Aetna officials did not provide current membership totals for Prudential , which lost more than one million members in 11 months from September 30 , 1998 , to the completion of the deal early last month.
On several levels , the Devils ' 3-2 victory tonight over the Phoenix Coyotes was special. It was their ninth in a row , the longest winning streak in franchise history. For the veteran goalie John Vanbiesbrouck , his 17-save performance was a successful debut just two days after arriving in a trade to back up Martin Brodeur. " For Scott Gomez , who set up the first goal and scored the winner , it represented more momentum in a late-season surge toward the form that earned him the Calder Trophy last season as rookie of the year. Coach Larry Robinson has not always been happy with the play of his 21-year-old center this season.
WHILE 42 million Americans are without health insurance , the plight of those who work for small businesses is among the most vexing. Vice President Al Gore likes a 25 percent tax credit for small-business owners , to encourage the purchase of benefits , and Gov. George W. Bush has talked vaguely about letting companies cross state lines to buy insurance. Others like the idea of purchasing coalitions , in which many businesses get together to buy insurance as if they were one big employer. Scores of local organizations have tried to address the matter in a variety of ways and have met with very limited success.
With American corporations under increasing pressure to cut costs and build global supply networks , two senior I. B. M. officials told their corporate colleagues around the world in a recorded conference call that I. B. M. needed to accelerate its efforts to move white-collar , often high-paying , jobs overseas even though that might create a backlash among politicians and its own employees. B. M ' s top employee relations executives said that three million service jobs were expected to shift to foreign workers by 2015 and that I. B. M. should move some of its jobs now done in the United States , including software design jobs , to India and other countries.
He was lined up against an offensive lineman , Heath Benedict , that Northwestern was recruiting.
NASA engineers managed on Monday to reproduce the type of computer crashes that have befallen the Mars rover Spirit since last week. If the root cause has been found , as engineers hope , the rover may return to complete health and resume its science mission in a week. The suspected cause will be familiar to any computer user who multitasks too much: too many files were open. A flaw in the rover programs allows the creation of an unlimited number of files , and the computer crashed trying to handle them , mission managers said. The same flaw affects the Spirit ' s twin , the rover Opportunity , which landed early on Sunday morning on the opposite side of Mars.
BOTH good and bad news emerges from a historical review of the market cycle as it relates to initial public offerings. The good news is that the stock market will not forever remain as unreceptive to I. P. O. ' The bad news is that it could be a long time before I. P. O. volume returns to the levels set just prior to the Nasdaq composite index ' s all-time high a year ago. In February 2000 , no fewer than 55 companies came to market , and during their first day of trading alone those I. P. O. '
Mike Piazza had shaved his last remaining specks of stubble. Mike Cameron had removed his ubiquitous headphones. As Manager Willie Randolph gathered his whole roster for the first time , he looked the players up and down , from their cleats to their caps. The Mets looked less like a team at spring training than a battalion starting boot camp. Randolph began his inaugural meeting explaining the rationale for all of his rules. When Randolph finished his address , the Mets started their first full-squad practice of the spring. They marched out of the clubhouse , right into their calisthenics , their new conditioning program , their base-running drills , their bullpen sessions , their infield and outfield practice , their hitters against pitchers and their hitters against pitching machines.
Flyers Roll on Road Ron Hextall stopped 29 shots last night as the Philadelphia Flyers extended their unbeaten road streak to 12 games by defeating the Washington Capitals , 2-1 , in Landover , Md. Rod Brind ' amour and Dainius Zubrus scored for the Flyers , who are 8-0-4 on the road since Nov. 27. The Flyers ' latest road victory came against a team they hadn ' t beaten all season and in an arena where they were 0-3-1 since April 1995. Down by 2-1 , the Capitals appeared to come up with the tying goal with 16 minutes 30 seconds left.
The N. C. A. A. selection committee will not come out and say it , but it believes the defending national champion is the team to beat. Go after a 29-3 team with a Hall of Fame coach in Mike Krzyzewski and the most heralded player in the nation , guard Jason Williams ? Krzyzewski concedes that these Blue Devils do not shoot the 3-point shot as well as they did last year and that they miss the leadership that Shane Battier contributed on and off the floor. Carlos Boozer has been the Blue Devils ' only inside presence -- a remarkable one -- but as their late-season loss to Maryland proved , he needs some help.
In this season ' s bumper crop of rookies in Major League Soccer -- Damani Ralph ( Chicago ) , Mike Magee , Eddie Gaven and Ricardo Clark ( MetroStars ) , Pat Noonan ( New England ) -- Eskandarian , the league ' s No. Coach Ray Hudson put the development of his young players on the back burner , traded the young striker Ali Curtis to Dallas for the veteran Ronald Cerritos and signed the Brazilian Thiago Martins , who led the A-League in scoring this past season. Eskandarian has played an average of 32 minutes a game , starting 5 matches and appearing in 22 , with three goals and two assists.
Damir Dokic , who also had confrontations at Wimbledon in 2000 , was later banned from WTA Tour events for six months. Though reinstated in May , he did not return to the Open this year , by his own choice. Dokic , 18 , won her first tournament in May , the Italian Open.
A 13-year-old girl who died on Monday night , two days after being hit in the forehead with a puck at an N. H. L. game in Columbus , Ohio , sustained a rare injury in which an artery leading to her brain ruptured when her head snapped back , a coroner said yesterday. The death raised issues about the safety measures in arenas , and Bernadette Mansur , a spokeswoman for the National Hockey League , said that officials were " taking a look at everything as we now do it. " When she was hit with the puck , her head snapped back in a type of whiplash action and caused damage to her artery.
Two Afghan government soldiers were killed in heavy fighting in southeastern Afghanistan late Wednesday when suspected Taliban fighters attacked their district offices with rockets and automatic weapons , the local governor said today. It was the second Taliban attack in southern Afghanistan this week. Three Taliban fighters were killed and one was wounded , he said. The attack began as President Hamid Karzai was returning from a two-day state visit to Pakistan to demand more cooperation in stemming the cross-border attacks. Mr. Karzai said the attacks represented the gravest threat to the stability of his government , and he warned Islamabad that if they were not stopped , such terrorists would become a danger for Pakistan too.
Alan C. Milstein has had his share of emotionally charged legal cases. There was the lawsuit he filed against the University of Pennsylvania on behalf of the family of a young woman who died after undergoing a gene therapy experiment. And there was the suit against the manufacturer of an anthrax vaccine after an American soldier who had received injections died. Clarett is trying to be declared eligible for the N. F. L. draft; the other cases involved life and death. Like one of his legal idols , Johnnie L. Cochran Jr. , Milstein has become rich defending the poor , and his aggressive tactics , part Terminator , part flamethrower , have unnerved hardened defendants.
The riches that arrived in this tiny village came from the sea -- not in the nets its fishermen haul from the sparkling waters but in an abandoned speedboat that washed up last year stocked with dozens of hard , cellophane-wrapped bricks of Colombian cocaine. The cargo taught this village of brightly painted houses on Haiti ' s south coast what Haitian police and government officials have known for years: the drug trade is one of the few ways in Haiti to amass a fortune. This chaotic , impoverished country has been a bustling crossroads for moving Colombian cocaine to the United States for at least 20 years.
Tucked away among ancient factories and garages is a massive relic of the Dodgers ' old ballpark. The high , small windows of the wall have been bricked up. From 1898 to 1912 , Washington Park was the home of the team alternately nicknamed the Bridegrooms , Superbas and Trolley Dodgers. The Dodgers ? Ebbets Field is at least commemorated by a plaque and an eponymous housing project. Yankee Stadium ' s infield will be preserved in a public park. And Mets officials say the position of the bases will be marked in the parking lot that will replace Shea Stadium.
President Bush may have plenty of reasons why Russia , his new ally in the war on terrorism , should stop cozying up to Iraq , one of the states he sees as part of an " axis of evil. " But Leonid Fedun has 20 billion reasons why Russia should not. Mr. Fedun is vice president for development at Lukoil , Russia ' s biggest oil company. He oversees a 23-year contract to develop Iraq ' s West Qurna oil field -- 667 million tons of crude , a half-million barrels a day. But only potentially. Thanks to United Nations sanctions on Iraq , Lukoil has not pumped a drop from West Qurna since it won drilling rights in 1997.
On Thursday , Senator Jesse Helms , the conservative chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and a vocal critic of the United Nations , is to be the first legislator from any nation to address the United Nations Security Council. Don ' t look for the North Carolina Republican to soften overnight his harsh views of the international organization , which over the years he has called " a disgrace " and " Orwellian. " But after Congress approved a bill last year to pay nearly $1 billion in back dues that the United States owes the United Nations in exchange for structural changes at the organization , both Mr. Helms and United Nations leaders agreed that it was time to call a truce.
Mike Stanton was on the mound , Robin Ventura was at the plate , and Mike Mussina would not watch. Leaning forward in the visitors ' dugout at Shea Stadium , Mussina dropped his chin and stared at the ground. Ventura fouled off a pitch , then another. There were two matchups against Pedro Martínez and one against Greg Maddux wrapped around his poor performance against Baltimore. Mussina was 11-15 for the Orioles last season , and his run support , 3. 71 runs a game , was the worst in the American League. This season , with the Yankees , it has actually been worse.
The UAL Corporation , the parent of United Airlines , reported a record loss yesterday for the third quarter in the wake of the terrorist attacks and predicted that the current quarter would be even worse. The company said that it lost $1. 43 a share , compared with a loss of $116 million , or $2. 30 , in the corresponding period of 2000. Revenue fell 16. 9 billion. United ' s troubles have deepened since May 2000 , when a dispute with its pilots resulted in the cancellation of thousands of flights , alienating passengers and costing tens of millions of dollars.
JUST as the world is learning to cope with computer viruses and worms , sophisticated cell phones have become a target of malicious , or at least mischievous , computer code. This week in Spain , some people looked at their mobile phones and found a message protesting the policies of a Spanish telecommunications operator , Telefonica. The message they saw began life as an e-mail attachment on a computer. Once the message was opened , it sent itself to everyone in the address book of the computer owner , and the cycle repeated over and over again. The incident was reported on Tuesday by F-Secure Corporation , a company based in Espoo , Finland , that provides security for cell phones , personal digital assistants , laptops and other computer devices.
Valentine has called this spring ' s Hamilton controversy the biggest nonstory of his managerial career. But to Hamilton , the Mets ' outfielder , it has mattered more. But because he did not believe Valentine would give him that chance , his agent and brother , John Hamilton , asked the Mets to try to trade him last month. The Mets have not found much of a market. 293 career hitter , still wants to be traded if he plays well this spring and is not given an everyday role. No. Hamilton said he now believes Valentine will give him the chance to prove himself this spring.
" Want drive fast cars ? " A " dump , " in the blunt vernacular of a relentlessly flourishing online black market , is a credit card number. And what Zo0mer is peddling is stolen account information -- name , billing address , phone -- for Gold Visa cards and MasterCards at $100 apiece. It is not clear whether any data stolen from CardSystems Solutions , the payment processor reported on Friday to have exposed 40 million credit card accounts to possible theft , has entered this black market. But law enforcement officials and security experts say it is a safe bet that the data will eventually be peddled at sites like iaaca.
John L. Tatta , a pioneer in the cable television industry , who worked with Charles Dolan to build Cablevision into one of the nation ' s leading providers , died on Thursday on Long Island. The cause was complications from cancer , Cablevision said. Mr. Tatta started his career as an installer at Dictograph , an interoffice communications equipment company , where he worked for 23 years. He joined Mr. Dolan to start Sterling Cable in 1966 , overseeing the laying of underground cable in Manhattan. The bureau of franchises summoned us down. Mr. Tatta later helped pioneer the televising of Knicks and Rangers games via cable from Madison Square Garden after Sterling Manhattan became the first cable company to win exclusive professional sports rights.
Victories were few ( 26 ) and losses were plentiful ( 56 ) as Calipari rebuilt the team. Help they most certainly did , especially on offense and in perimeter shooting -- a welcome change for a team that shot a franchise-low 42. The trades brought the veterans Sam Cassell , Chris Gatling , Lucious Harris and Don MacLean to New Jersey to complement the core of the team: Kendall Gill ( 21. Most importantly , a draft-day trade with Philadelphia brought the Nets the National Basketball Association ' s second overall pick , Keith Van Horn , who , when he recovers from a tendon injury , should make a strong bid for rookie of the year.
There are so few customers now , that the Cobblestone no longer serves draft beer: the kegs go bad before they are empty. In Columbus , Ohio , the insurance and financial services company Nationwide has spent $500 million to build an arena for the city ' s National Hockey League team , the Blue Jackets , and the business district around it , has recently had to halve the rent for nine restaurants until the team returns to the ice. And near Joe Louis Arena in Detroit , which calls itself Hockeytown in its loyalty to the hometown Red Wings , another passel of businesses are suffering.
Hord W. Hardin , whose autocratic rule over golf ' s Masters tournament was legendary , died on Monday in Harbor Springs , Mich. , after a long illness. During his tenure , which lasted from 1980 to 1991 , Mr. Hardin also served as the chairman of the Augusta National Golf Club. He also helped preserve the Masters ' ability to dictate the terms of its television coverage , an arrangement almost unique in televised sports.  " Augusta National Golf Club , the Masters and the world of golf have lost a good friend and a great contributor to the game , " said Jackson T. Stephens , the current Masters chairman who succeeded Mr. Hardin.
Tino Martinez has a hard time having fun when he plays baseball , Manager Joe Torre said the other day , a trait that was no more apparent than after tonight ' s 7-3 loss to Texas. I ' ve had two good games , " Martinez said sharply , contesting the notion that his spurt of hits and runs batted in meant anything at all. But as far as Torre was concerned , Martinez ' s recent burst was the best part of the Yankees ' trip , on which the team won four of six games , including two of three from Texas -- a club the Yankees may face in the post-season.
The Giants ' offense was surprisingly more productive than the St. Louis Rams ' offense today , even though the Giants were missing running back Tiki Barber. Quarterback Kerry Collins went after the middle of the defense with slanting patterns to Joe Jurevicius and Ike Hilliard. It was called after the whistle on a Dayne run for 5 yards deep in Rams territory and forced the Giants to punt. Dayne accused the Rams of purposely pushing on his recently injured neck. " Of the other crucial penalty -- the pass interference on Giants safety Sam Garnes that set up the Rams ' winning touchdown -- defensive end Michael Strahan seemed disappointed that a penalty had played such a big factor in a hotly contested game.
Along with trying to assure Germany that strong ties to America will continue , Mr. Schroder is reinforcing parallels with a politician he admires. He paints himself as a tough and energetic reformer running against a stodgy incumbent. Germany has rejected the kinds of economic reforms now taken as gospel in Britain and America. But Germans strongly believe society should take care of all its members. Even after 16 years of the conservative Mr. Kohl , benefit deductions average 42 percent of workers ' salaries , a record. Employers have won more flexible work hours , but labor costs remain among Europe ' s highest.
Their first stop is the brightly lighted McDonald ' s , where their two children -- Karan , 9 , and Kavya , 7 -- jostle with other youngsters at the counters as uniformed employees serve up burgers and fries from an open kitchen. Fast food is growing rapidly in and around India ' s major cities , and the two best-known American chains here , McDonald ' s and Subway , are bidding to dominate the Indian market by tailoring their menus to local tastes. Their offerings here , liberally flavored with Indian spices , bear little resemblance to the American originals , and their networks are poised for rapid expansion in India despite the war in Iraq and the slump in the global economy.
REPUBLICANS have declared Iraq the central front on the war on terrorism. Yet Republicans in Congress ignored warnings that the invasion lacked sufficient troops; did not ask about the plan to secure the postwar environment ( as it turns out , there wasn ' t one ) ; and went into denial as Baghdad descended into chaos. Congressional Republicans asked no questions when the administration staffed the Coalition Provisional Authority with cronies rather than experienced professionals , or when the authority lost track of $8. Similar Republican negligence and incompetence have led to the failure to secure Afghanistan , to apprehend Osama bin Laden , to address the nuclear ambitions of Iran and North Korea -- even to rebuild the Gulf Coast , where , a year after the inept response to Hurricane Katrina , families still live in trailers and billions in relief funds are unaccounted for.
But there are increasingly more situations where it is desirable or necessary to be independent of the electricity grid and freed of what Rory Stear , the chief executive of Freeplay Energy , a company that makes hand-powered radios and flashlights , calls " the tyranny of the disposable battery. " Situations where you might not want to be -- or cannot be -- tethered to an electrical socket include boating and camping , as well as crises that knock out power , like tornadoes , hurricanes and earthquakes. In many places in developing nations , there is no electricity grid to knock out , but people there still need electricity.
If we could read Alan Greenspan ' s mind , now that the Federal Reserve has lowered interest rates for the third time this year , only to watch stocks keep falling.... INGRATES. I lower interest rates by a point and a half in just 11 weeks -- the fastest I ' ve moved in my 13 years here -- and the thanks I get from Wall Street is another swoon in stock prices and a lot of complaints about how I ' m out of touch or behind the curve. It is about nursing the expansion back to health , and right now there seems to be some confusion about both the diagnosis and the treatment.
On a tree-filled boulevard known as Doctors ' Row , the four- and five-bedroom brick Tudor homes that are the jewels of this city ' s housing stock were selling for about $150 , 000 two decades ago. Over the last 20 years , however , the nation ' s housing market has been cleaved in two , and the break has helped create two very different economies in one country. Homes in the areas that were already the most expensive -- California and the Boston-to-Washington corridor -- have often doubled or tripled in value , even after adjusting for inflation.
March is the month in the Northeast when anglers -- save those who enjoy huddling in an ice shanty on a frozen , windswept lake -- rejoice that escape from winter ' s embrace is imminent. Emboldened , they begin to sort out gear , tie flies , peruse tackle catalogs and attend sporting goods shows. Expo , as it is familiarly called , offers a splendid opportunity to see , under one roof , many of the latest developments in rods , reels , lines and lures for both fresh and salt water and to take advantage of show discounts for such items.
Dissatisfied with published Vatican documents on the role of Pope Pius XII during World War II , a panel of Jewish and Catholic scholars asked today for access to closed Vatican archives.  " He was through and through a diplomat , but that simply didn ' t work when confronted with the Nazi machinery , " Eva Fleischner , a Catholic on the six-member committee , said of Pius XII at a news conference here today. The panel , the International Catholic-Jewish Commission , was formed 11 months ago by the Vatican and Jewish groups to sort out accusations that Pius XII did not speak out forcefully enough against the Holocaust.
That may explain why , in this season for tank tops and bare midriffs , Web surfers are seeking online guidance for trimming down and buffing up , according to the Media Metrix division of the Internet research firm comScore Networks. EDiets. com , which says that its 800 , 000 registered members have lost a total of 1 , 744 tons so far , has had a traffic surge recently as it promotes a program for losing 10 pounds by early July. ThirdAge. com is another shape-up site with heavy pre-beach traffic. Top features include " Stick-With-It Fitness Strategies " and " Cellulite Relief: She lost 50 pounds , but the cellulite stuck.
WHEN Saks executives greeted investors with better-than-expected results last month , they made it clear that e-commerce initiatives deserved part of the credit. But this was not a case of Internet retailing finally catching up to the exaggeration of years past. Like all retailers , Saks faces the problem of deciding when to start marking down items , and at what price , so the company can glean as much profit as it can , without discounting so early that the company sells out and alienates customers , or so late that the company looks like a museum for unwanted merchandise.
Movies and plays about America are all the rage in Egypt lately. It ' s the story of a family in which America is the mother , Egypt is the son , the Arab world are his brothers and sisters and everything is fine until a cousin shows up -- Israel -- and a fight breaks out over Momma America ' s inheritance. The movie ends with the Statue of Liberty exploding and the Egyptian being arrested because he looks like a terrorist. The latest film , " Hello America , " involves an Egyptian who goes to the U. S. and is hit by a car driven by the daughter of a presidential candidate.
Iona emphatically turned Manhattan ' s early-season basketball success into a memory tonight. The Gaels handed Manhattan its third defeat in the last five games with a 75-70 Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference victory , generating cheers of " over-rated " from some of the 2 , 800 fans at Iona ' s Mulcahy Center. Just weeks ago , Manhattan was the toast of the city when it won 12 of its first 13 games , including an 85-68 rout of St. John ' s on Dec. 8. A. C. ) , led by 19 points from forward Courtney Fields , limited the Jaspers to 35.
As insect colonies go , a nest of the tropical ant Cardiocondyla oscurior is a real snake pit , a hotbed of aggressive male behavior. Sexual competition is so intense that wingless males fight one another to the death for the privilege of mating with queens. There are winged males , too , and they are much more docile. One would think that the wingless males would run roughshod over them , doing the ant equivalent of kicking sand in their faces , and prevent them from mating. But a team of scientists from Germany , Denmark and Italy has now shown that this is not the case.
As the American military makes its final preparations for war in desert camps to the north and hulking warships linger off the coast to the south , teenagers here have been spending their free days riding water scooters on the pearl blue waters of the Persian Gulf. Gas masks and discount chemical suits are on sale in the shopping malls alongside the luxury goods of Louis Vuitton and Hermes , but the baubles have been selling better. This country could be days away from serving as the launching pad for an American-led invasion of Iraq , the country that invaded it in 1990.
When I was 12 , I thought that when The New Orleans Times-Picayune wrote about the " struggle for control of the West Bank , " it meant the other side of the Mississippi River. But there are exceptions. Then came the second piece of news: after the summer baseball season , Fitz gave a speech to his current Newman players. Their fathers had been among the complainers , but they spoke of the episode as a kind of natural disaster beyond their control. The school ' s most striking trait is that it was founded in 1903 as a manual training school meant largely for Jewish orphans.
A small , secretive group that used television advertisements to attack George W. Bush during his campaign for president has re-emerged to point to links between oil companies with questionable accounting practices and the Bush administration. The group , American Family Voices , paid for a 30-second commercial that will be shown until Thursday on cable news programs here and in New York. The commercial calls President Bush " sly like a fox " for talking down his dealings with Harken Energy , an oil company on whose board he once sat. 2 million loss , and he reported the sale to the Securities and Exchange Commission eight months late.
Trash accumulates , streets are clogged and daily life is disrupted. Scientists say that kind of disruption may lie at the heart of a wide array of diseases afflicting millions of Americans. In the brain , researchers say , the result is Alzheimer ' s disease , Parkinson ' s disease and a slew of other neurodegenerative disorders including the human version of mad cow disease. In the pancreas , it is Type 2 diabetes; in the lungs , cystic fibrosis; in the eyes , cataracts. If the problem develops in a certain blood protein , patients can develop numbness in the fingers or toes , or a mysterious form of heart disease that may affect as many as 4 percent of African-Americans.
After more than 180 years of puzzling , scientists say they have solved the mystery of the evolutionary origins of the plant that produces the biggest flower on earth. Researchers now say the bizarre rafflesia -- whose blossoms can measure a yard across and were described by the Swedish explorer Eric Mjoberg as having " a penetrating smell more repulsive than any buffalo carcass in an advanced state of decomposition " -- actually sprang from the gentle group of plants that includes poinsettias , violets and passionflowers. Some people have thought it was related to some other big smelly flowers , but no one has really known what to do with it. "
If Magna International Inc. had the same share structure as most other public companies , its 12 directors would be at risk of losing their jobs on Thursday , when the company , which makes auto parts , holds its annual meeting in suburban Toronto. One of Canada ' s biggest pension funds , the Ontario Teachers ' Pension Plan , has said it plans to vote its 1. 8 million Magna shares against the re-election of the directors as a protest against a $33. The payout made Mr. Stronach the highest-paid executive of a public company in Canada , and several other institutional shareholders have indicated that they would line up behind the teachers ' fund in casting their votes.
 " Our view of American power was born " in Bosnia , said Ms. Power , author of " A Problem From Hell , " about American responses to genocide in the last century that has prompted new debates about the moral responsibilities that go with American power. She came to Bosnia in 1993 , joining the swarms of freelance reporters drawn to the unfolding war. The story there was shocking -- a widening arc of atrocities against victims targeted not for what they had done , but for who they were -- all taking place on a continent where genocide was never supposed to happen again.
IN Tom Carvel ' s day no agency creative types were consulted on clever ways to sell ice cream. Carvel , who had borrowed $15 from his future wife to begin selling ice cream in 1934 and went on to build a multimillion-dollar business , simply went into his Yonkers studio and was filmed saying , " Please visit your local Carvel ice cream store. " But all things change. Carvel died in 1990 , the year after he sold his company to Investcorp , a Bahrain-based international investment group. Since then , a number of agencies , including DeVito/Verdi and Hal Riney &amp; Partners , have worked on Carvel ' s account.
Refusing to issue any guarantees for the playoff series against the Pacers , resisting even a thumbs-up or thumbs-down , he simply ran his fingers across his lips , symbolically zipping them shut. First , the Heat is past , the Pacers are present. When the second-round series against Indiana begins on Tuesday night at Market Square Arena , Ewing will not be in uniform , Van Gundy said. Whether Ewing will play in Game 2 on Thursday or the following two games back at Madison Square Garden this weekend , no one seems sure , and if Ewing knows , he is not saying.
LOUIS PEOPLES was a young man when he came to the Alaskan Arctic in 1977 to help build and then run the industrial web that pumps oil from the North Slope and sends it south to market. But , even though production from the North Slope is declining , there are not enough skilled young engineers and roustabouts to replace them. The aging of America ' s oil work force is more sweeping and urgent in Alaska than in the lower 48 states because so many workers arrived at the same time. And the potential effect of the demographic pinch is magnified because the North Slope produces 4.
Randall Godfrey was a Dallas Cowboys linebacker for the last four seasons , and he played against the Giants twice a year. When Godfrey jumped as a free agent to the Tennessee Titans last Feb. 16 , he left behind the National Football Conference Eastern Division and those annual Cowboys-Giants rivalries. But because the Giants play the Tennessee Titans here on Sunday , Godfrey will see the Giants again. Titans safety Marcus Robertson said: " Tiki is the wild card in their offense. They line him up more in the slot and they are looking for him for more change of direction after the catch and for longer runs after the catch. "
You won ' t believe your eyes , " they scream. Then come the prices: the equivalent of $107 round-trip to Paris , $154 to Marseilles , $201 to Lisbon. This summer , British Airways , the largest airline in Europe , has done what almost no American full-service carrier has been willing to do , despite the industry ' s enormous losses: radically simplify its fare structure to keep business travelers from defecting to low-cost competitors. Other big European airlines are doing the same. KLM is paring to 8 , from 25 , the fare classes on 66 European routes , a change that includes replacing the Saturday-night-stay requirement with a two-night minimum stay.
JUST AS cross-country skiing was one of the defining sports in Nordic- loving Norway in 1994 , ski jumping will be one of the defining sports in Nagano. Japan ' s finest Winter Olympic moment came in this sport , and it came the last time the Japan played host to the Games. THE SETUP -- Three events will be held at the Hakuba Ski Jumping Stadium: normal hill , large hill and team. On the normal hill , skiers will average approximately 90 meters from takeoff to landing. It is no coincidence that the normal hill event is scheduled for Feb. 11 , a national holiday in Japan , and that the large hill event is scheduled for Feb. 15 , a Sunday.
American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Reinstated C Brook Fordyce from bereavement leave. BOSTON RED SOX--Activated RHP Robert Person from the 15-day disabled list. Sent RHP Steve Woodard to Pawtucket of the International League. CLEVELAND INDIANS--Placed 1B Travis Hafner and RHP Dave Elder on the 15-day disabled list. Recalled 1B Ben Broussard from Buffalo of the IL. Purchased the contract of RHP Jerrod Riggan from Buffalo. NEW YORK YANKEES--Activated SS Derek Jeter from the 15-day disabled list. Optioned SS Erick Almonte to Columbus of the IL. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Activated OF Ken Griffey Jr. , from the 15-day disabled list. Designated OF Ruben Mateo for assignment.
Ms. Forsyth , a Silicon Valley computer consultant , forks over nearly $500 a month for spa treatments , massages , incense and yoga products. Time-pressed Americans increasingly want to buy their serenity off the shelf , and countless companies line up to sell it to them in the form of personal consultants , specialized video games , vitamins , yoga , massage , biofeedback , self-help books and hypnotism training. In 2003 , Americans spent $36 billion on relaxation products , according to the Natural Marketing Institute , a consulting and research firm in Harleysville , Pa. A $20 pen from RedEnvelope.
Tens of thousands of refugees from Kosovo waiting to cross the border here vanished in the middle of the night , ordered out of a column stretching 20 miles or more by Serbian forces and sent walking to an unknown fate. At 3:30 this morning , Serbian forces walked up to a jumble of six chest-high concrete pyramids that marks the midpoint of the no man ' s land between the two customs posts , according to observers at the border from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.  " We have no idea , " said Jacques Franquin , a spokesman for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "
FOR investors , the tectonic shifts in the telecommunications industry in recent years have come not from fundamental changes in the business -- as numerous as they have been -- but from corporate mergers , alliances and spinoffs. The biggest phone companies in the United States and Britain , AT&amp;T and British Telecommunications , last Sunday unveiled a $10 billion venture to serve multinational business customers. 1 local communications company , announced a $52. 9 billion agreement to merge with GTE , a big local and long-distance carrier. Michael J. Mahoney , a big fan of European stocks and wireless companies , has managed the $1.
Re " Conceding Missteps , Bush Urges Patience on Iraq " ( front page , Oct. 26 ) : Let ' s see if I ' ve got this straight. On Sunday , you report that the Bush administration is developing a " timetable " for the Iraqi government to address sectarian violence and assume a larger security role. But on Monday , the White House denies it. Then on Tuesday , Gen. George W. Casey Jr. and Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad announce that yes , the Iraqis have indeed agreed to a timetable. Even in this administration ' s slogan-driven , Orwellian world , where up is down and black is white , this daily revision of the truth is breathtaking.
Re " Unions See Fertile Fields at Lower End of High Tech " ( Grass-Roots Business , Sept. 26 ) , which focused on the disadvantages of temporary employment in the technology industry: Such an emphasis is narrow and one-sided. Staffing companies match millions of people to millions of jobs and offer flexibility to both employees and companies. Temporary work also provides a bridge to permanent employment. People can try out a prospective employer and showcase their skills for a permanent job. In fact , many people choose temporary work as an employment option. The staffing industry also provides free training for millions of assigned employees to help meet today ' s demand for skilled workers.
In the beginning of the Yankees ' five-game winning streak , they beat Toronto in extra innings. On the second , third and fourth days , they created a seemingly insurmountable lead in the American League East , sweeping the Boston Red Sox. On the fifth day , they made a comeback to defeat the Blue Jays. Due for a stinker after a week of high-adrenaline games , the Yankees sleepwalked tonight through a 14-0 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays , their most lopsided defeat of the year , their play reminiscent of some of their blowout losses last September.
Ms. Slater survived the explosion that rocked the American Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , on Aug. 7 , 1998 , but the ordeal was so ingrained in her memory that she wept as she relived it yesterday at the embassy bombings trial. Taking long gulping pauses as she testified , Ms. Slater told how she had escaped an early burial inside the smoking embassy only to stumble outside upon a guard , whose skin had been scorched off his body in the staggering heat and force of the blast. If there is one thing the bombings trial has shown so far , it is that catastrophe can somehow manage to be both intimate and banal.
Cricket , that languorous English pursuit , looms large in the life of Christopher Charles Gent , chief executive of the Vodafone Group P. L. C. , which agreed on Friday to pay $60 billion for Airtouch Communications , the United States wireless phone giant , in Britain ' s largest takeover ever. Vodafone , indeed , sponsors the English national cricket team , and Mr. Gent ' s friends include the former Conservative Prime Minister , John Major , whose first diversion after being ousted in elections in 1997 was going to watch cricket. Mr. Gent ' s interests -- other than driving an Aston Martin sports car -- as listed in his company biography include " playing tennis and watching cricket. "
With the Jets reeling from two consecutive blowout losses in which the offense managed 10 points , Coach Herman Edwards planned to meet with the offensive coordinator Paul Hackett tonight to sort through an offense that is not merely adrift , but is close to sinking. Three weeks into the season , with an offensive line that is springing leaks , a running game that is nearly nonexistent and a quarterback whose play has been so uninspired that he is facing questions about his job stability , the playbook is open for review again. After Edwards offered an unsolicited vote of support for Testaverde , Edwards and Hackett were going to try to further tailor the offense to his needs.
SUMMONED before a Senate subcommittee last fall to explain their industry ' s record profits , five chief executives of big energy companies were unanimous in explaining that they had no control over the prices set by global oil markets. Lee R. Raymond , then the chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil , even evoked a time in the 1990 ' s when energy companies struggled with record-low oil prices. " Now , as energy companies reveal the year-end bonuses they paid in December -- just one month after the hearing -- it is becoming evident that many top executives had no qualms about accepting record payouts , even if they were based on profits generated by the same high oil prices that they said they had nothing to do with.
Over fierce resistance from the drug industry , Congress is moving to authorize research that systematically compares the effectiveness and cost of top-selling prescription drugs. Proponents say that if Medicare is to spend $400 billion on new drug benefits over the next 10 years , it should have objective , reliable information about which medicines are most effective.  " Often there are a number of competing drugs to treat the same condition , " said Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , Democrat of New York , a leader of bipartisan efforts on the issue. " The House voted last month to provide $12 million to the Public Health Service to conduct " research on the comparative effectiveness " of prescription drugs.
The Giants ' coach has a quarterback in Kent Graham who may give him the best chance to win the most games the rest of this season. But few people in the organization think Graham is the team ' s quarterback of the future. These same people -- some coaches , the team ' s talent evaluators and executives -- are not sure Kanell is the quarterback of the future either. They would like the tryout process for Kanell to continue later this season -- even if the team plans to seriously consider drafting a quarterback or signing a veteran free agent quarterback during the off season.
Bidding to significantly expand its presence outside the United States , the AT&amp;T Corporation is close to an agreement with British Telecommunications P. L. C. to form a joint venture serving multinational business customers , executives close to the negotiations said yesterday. 1 long-distance carrier , and British Telecom , Britain ' s biggest communications company , would perhaps be the foremost international telecommunications venture. Demand for advanced communications services is growing even faster overseas than it is in the United States , according to many analysts , and big businesses are the most lucrative segment of the international market. For AT&amp;T , an agreement with British Telecom would represent another piece of the puzzle that C. Michael Armstrong , AT&amp;T ' s chairman , is putting together as he tries to reinvent AT&amp;T as a powerful yet nimble player in the highly competitive telecommunications industry.
" The strike has already started , " said a top agent at a Christmas party. Few studio and television executives , talent agents and actors and writers would disagree. A strike threatened by the Writers Guild of America , representing 11 , 000 writers on the East and West Coasts , is set for May 1. The Screen Actors Guild and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists , representing 135 , 000 actors , are scheduled to walk out on June 30. So Hollywood studios will be rushing films into production the next few weeks. The impact of a strike , or just the threat of it , will affect what viewers see in films and on television.
Those interested in investing in China -- putting an operation there and hiring Chinese workers -- were to go across the hall to the Penntop North conference room. Those who wanted help in exporting to China were to stay seated in Penntop South. Given the explosion of business in China , the interest in setting up shop there is not surprising. While the Bush administration complains about China unfairly tilting trade dealings to its advantage , the branch of government most responsible for promoting American business is participating in conferences and workshops that encourage American companies to put operations and jobs in China.
With graphic reports about former Coach Mike Price ' s behavior and his threat to pursue legal action serving as a backdrop , the University of Alabama announced yesterday that Mike Shula , a former Crimson Tide quarterback , would be its next head football coach. In a statement , the university announced that Shula , youngest son of the National Football League coaching legend Don Shula , had agreed to a six-year contract worth $5. Shula , 37 , had appeared to be the leading candidate from the start of Alabama ' s accelerated search after Price was fired Saturday by the university ' s president , Robert E. Witt , in the wake of disclosures about his behavior at a Pensacola , Fla. , strip club and hotel while he was there for a golf tournament.
In two weeks , Don Bosco has won two road games against two of New Jersey ' s top teams. Don Bosco was led by the two-way play of Steve Levy and another strong performance by running back Brian Toal , who gained 113 yards. Levy , a quarterback and linebacker , rushed for 94 yards but made his biggest play on defense. Linebacker John Allegretta recovered the fumble and ran it in from 11 yards to put Don Bosco in control. Montclair running back Hanif Suluki rushed for 137 yards and 3 touchdowns to lead the Mounties ( 8-0 ) to a 41-7 victory over Nutley ( 2-6 ).
When Umpire Jerry Crawford walked to the Mets ' dugout to tell Bobby Valentine that he was postponing last night ' s game because of steady rain , with the Mets leading by 6-5 after rallying in the third inning , Valentine began to gesture angrily , furious at the decision and its timing. The game will be made up as part of a doubleheader today at Shea Stadium , starting at 4:40 P. M. The Dodgers scored four runs in the first inning against Bobby Jones , in a game played at an excruciatingly slow American League pace , and the Mets rallied for four in the bottom of the first.
NEW YORK has been on pooh-bah overload all week. The Dalai Lama hung around. Yesterday , the Democrats ' traveling circus came to town , a field of presidential wannabes large enough to fill an American League baseball lineup ( designated hitter included ). For days , the chatter on television has been about frozen zones and snarled traffic. In New York , all events , no matter how global in import , are ultimately reduced to a few primal concerns: can you get across town by car , and if so , will you ever find a parking space ?
" While Van Gundy ' s band played on , Paul Silas was re-signing in Charlotte , Doc Rivers was taking over in Orlando and Phil Jackson was ditching O ' Hare for O ' Neal , Bradley for Bryant. Nonetheless , the way it has worked out , Grunfeld is the only one here with the right to say , " If they can ' t get you on results , they get you on relationships. " Playing the good corporate soldier , Checketts fired his " close friend " over dinner and then publicly threw himself to the news media wolves for not telling the truth about a meeting he had to take with Jackson.
What will bring stability and peace to Iraq ? American troops would begin the job. Only then , once there was relative calm , could the Iraqi Army and the police force preserve the peace while political institutions were established and a functioning democracy took shape. Even those who believed in the promise of Iraqi democracy echoed this view. Each time the political process reached a milestone -- interim constitution , elections , proposed constitution , referendum , elections again -- we embraced the progress but warned that without improved security , all this political development could come to naught. But sometime in the last year , the conventional American view of how to end the violence changed.
The Red Sox arrived here around 3 a. m. Friday , and Trot Nixon insisted that the Boston baggage did not include sacks of gloom. Did the Yankees act that way when the Red Sox swept them early in the season ? " But the good things were in short supply after the Yankees swept the Red Sox in a three-game series at Yankee Stadium. Boston lost the finale , 5-4 , in 13 innings Thursday night. That left Boston eight and a half games behind the Yankees in the American League East. They were still that far back after Friday night ' s games: the Yankees lost to the Mets and the Red Sox lost again in extra innings , 6-3 , to the Atlanta Braves.
D. Wayne Lukas led Charismatic out of his barn as the first horse entering the track on the day before battle -- just as he expected Charismatic to be first in the 131st Belmont Stakes today before a crowd of more than 80 , 000 at Belmont Park , and complete his dramatic surge from claimer to the Triple Crown. The chestnut colt galloped one mile and three-quarters , which is a quarter of a mile more than he will race in the historic main event today. I don ' t see anything different than going into the Preakness or the Derby. "
After years of investor activism , are shareholders winning or losing the struggle to be treated with the respect that company owners deserve ? A vote today by investors in Pathmark Stores may provide an answer. The shareholders of Pathmark , a supermarket chain in New York , New Jersey and Philadelphia , are voting on the purchase of a potentially controlling stake in the company by the Yucaipa Companies , an investment firm based in California. The $150 million deal will initially give Mr. Burkle ' s company a 40 percent interest in Pathmark , if it goes through. But Yucaipa would also receive warrants to buy additional Pathmark shares that would increase the firm ' s stake to 60 percent.
OVER the last two weeks , computer scientists and others who think about technology have wondered aloud about its likely role in countering terrorism -- or in carrying it out. Where , on the other hand , might technological innovation emerge or be redirected as a result of recent events ? For Ray Kurzweil , an expert in artificial intelligence and an innovative figure in computing , the events are already accelerating technologies that allow work , and people , to be dispersed rather than centralized. Security experts like Peter Neumann point to the renewed interest -- and perhaps unfounded confidence -- in technologies to confirm identities and track movements.
Steve Young passed for two touchdowns and scored on fourth-quarter runs of 1 and 23 yards as the 49ers spoiled the Indianapolis Colts ' upset bid , 34-31 , yesterday in San Francisco. Peyton Manning , the top pick in the draft , who came in with a league-high 14 interceptions , tied a Colts rookie record with three touchdown passes , connecting with Marvin Harrison on scores of 61 , 6 and 4 yards. In a vintage scramble ending San Francisco ' s next possession , Young broke two tackles en route to a 23-yard touchdown run , pulling San Francisco to 31-29.
Roy Jones Jr. does not fight often , and he takes a lot of flak for that. Displaying awesome power and accuracy , Jones unleashed a devastating right hand to the side of Virgil Hill that knocked Hill out at 1 minute 10 seconds of the fourth round tonight and demonstrated why Jones is still considered , pound for pound , the best fighter in the game. It was the first time in his career that Hill , a silver medalist in the 1984 Olympic Games and a former International Boxing Federation and World Boxing Association champ , had been knocked out.
CLEAR financial statements are so important to Lisa Black , who runs the $295 million TIAA-CREF Bond Plus fund , that she unloaded the fund ' s Enron bonds soon after she bought them in 1999. Few investors did , but many held onto the company ' s stock and bonds until Enron ' s spectacular financial difficulties last fall. While she keeps a focus on financial statements , Ms. Black , who is based in Manhattan , is also paying special attention these days to bond issuers ' access to the credit markets. " The fund returned 7. 2 percent a year , on average , for the three years through Thursday , compared with 6 percent for its peer group of intermediate-term bond funds , according to Morningstar Inc.
THE Web has given airline customers more convenience and more power. The ability to compare prices instantly at several airlines -- something that was previously available only to travel agents -- can ' t help but keep prices down. But the airlines are still in control. The complicated algorithms they employ to analyze demand , competitors ' prices and other data are the reason the same flight costs $350 one day and $550 the next. Here , online travel sites like Expedia and Travelocity aren ' t much help. org ). Farecast , a new Web service still being tested , monitors and analyzes price data and gives probabilities on when and by how much future fares might rise or fall.
Two campaigns for beer brands took top honors at the 47th annual International Advertising Festival in Cannes , France , winning the Grand Prix awards in the categories of television and cinema advertising as well as print and poster advertising. The popular " Whassup " campaign for Budweiser beer by the Chicago office of DDB Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , won in the television and cinema category in a decision announced on Saturday. In the television and cinema category , of 25 gold awards called Lions , American agencies won 10. Wieden &amp; Kennedy in Portland , Ore. , won four for work for AltaVista , Nike and Stamps.
In a season of firsts for women ' s professional soccer , the Power picked up the first that was the last thing it wanted. The Power became the first team to lose a Women ' s United Soccer Association playoff game , bowing to the Bay Area CyberRays , 3-2 , before a crowd of 7 , 756 at Spartan Stadium today. The CyberRays will play in Saturday ' s final at Foxboro Stadium against the top-seeded Atlanta Beat , a 3-2 winner in double overtime tonight over the Philadelphia Charge. Murray ' s winning goal came when she headed a cross from Megan Horvath past goalie Gao Hong to put the CyberRays ( 12-6-4 ) on top for good.
In the minutes before an offensive explosion by the Giants against Philadelphia that might have made even the St. Louis Rams wink with appreciation , running back Tiki Barber , while being tackled , had his head slammed into the turf. The fans at Veterans Stadium were quiet because they could sniff the offensive storm that was coming , so when Barber ' s head hit , the vibrations reverberated high in the stands , a cracking sound that resembled a car wreck , and Barber lay motionless on the ground. Giants players would say after the game that they knew -- just knew -- that Barber must have a serious concussion.
In acquiring John Olerud from the Toronto Blue Jays yesterday , the Mets raised some questions , but they offered answers both by explanation and by the terms of the trade itself. Olerud , who has reverted to being a mildly productive hitter since his career year in 1993 , appears to be a risk , but he is not costing the Mets much. The $5 million the Blue Jays will give the Mets to offset Olerud ' s salary is the most money ever included for that purpose in a trade. The Detroit Tigers will pay $4 , 875 , 000 of Ruben Sierra ' s $5.
Earlier this year , Google started a widely used news service. Last week , it looked to some users of the Google search that the site had started to editorialize. Anyone searching on Google for the phrase " miserable failure " was sent to the official White House biography of President Bush. Google executives say they have no corporate opinion of the Bush presidency. If enough Web pages link a certain Web page to a phrase , the Google search engine will start to associate that page with the phrase -- even if , as in the case of Mr. Bush ' s official biography , the phrase does not occur on the destination Web site.
Public health officials warned about the dangers of widespread , precautionary use of antibiotics. When anthrax was discovered in an office , noses were swabbed. Almost every day now , public health officials have to retool , at times subtly and sometimes quite definitively , the way they are surveying , diagnosing and managing cases of anthrax. Hospitals have received a flurry of memos from the health department guiding them on new views of the illness , and they have responded by changing their procedures and policies week by week. The hospitals in turn have tried hard to educate doctors on the latest thinking about who should be tested , how anthrax differentiates itself from the flu , and who should be given antibiotics.
The Yankees decided to hand out theirs the day before the season. During their scouting meeting at the Coliseum on Sunday , every Yankees player received two T-shirts referring to the team ' s goal for this season. The Yankees , you may have heard , have been stuck on 26 titles since 2000. On the front , with the NY logo , are the words , " Mission 27. " General Manager Brian Cashman said that every member of the organization would receive a shirt , though the styles would not be available to the public. The contracts of Gary Sheffield and Mike Mussina expire after this season , and the Yankees are one of the oldest teams in the majors.
On the edge of the rich rain forests and gold mines here in the world ' s most populous Muslim country , students at an Islamic boarding school learn to abhor the United States. The anti-American creed is not spelled out in the brochure that beckons students to the Hidayatullah campus in Kalimantan , this mineral-studded province of Indonesia on the island of Borneo. But on the campus , where an imposing mosque with a silvery dome towers over scruffy school buildings , the antagonism toward America permeates every discussion. There are too many interventions by the United States around the world.
The Denver Broncos have the best record ( 11-1 ) in the National Football League , have won eight consecutive games and own a three-game lead in the American Football Conference West Division. Defensive tackle Michael Dean Perry thinks the Broncos are a team of destiny. John Elway dropped back and fired a pass toward tight end Shannon Sharpe. The ball was tipped by the Minnesota safeties Harlon Barnett and Orlando Thomas near the goal line. Broncos receiver Ed McCaffrey snagged the ball and fell into the end zone for the game-winning touchdown with 19 seconds remaining. There are a lot of things that we would like to do better.
Monarchos ' s trainer , John Ward , and owner , John Oxley , were out somewhere , perhaps chewing over what went wrong in the 126th running of the Preakness Stakes. Why did their Kentucky Derby winner finish a dull sixth here ? Point Given ' s trainer , Bob Baffert , and jockey , Gary Stevens , suffered through a night like that two weeks ago in Louisville , Ky. , after the colt that they thought was a superhorse clomped home fifth in the Derby. Stevens acknowledged that with Monarchos ' s defeat , the public would be denied the opportunity to witness a horse try to become the 12th winner of the Triple Crown at the Belmont Stakes on June 9.
Roche Holding Ltd. , the Swiss pharmaceutical giant , said today that it would buy Boehringer Mannheim G. m. b. H. , a large German maker of drugs and diagnostic products , in a deal valued at about $11 billion. The acquisition would make Roche , parent of Hoffman-La Roche Inc. , the world ' s largest maker of diagnostic products. Also included is a controlling stake in DePuy Inc. , an American maker of orthopedic products. The deal is another big step in the consolidation of the world ' s health care industry , coming less than one year after Ciba-Geigy A. G. and Sandoz A. G. teamed up in a $36 billion merger to form the world ' s largest drug company , Novartis A. G. The industry is becoming dominated by a handful of giant companies partly because of the sharply rising costs of developing and marketing new drugs.
More than two decades ago , John S. Reed , then an executive vice president with Citicorp , spent and lost hundreds of millions of dollars on newfangled banking products like automated teller machines and credit cards. Today , Mr. Reed , now Citicorp ' s chief executive , is staking his entire franchise on an even more audacious plan: an agreement to merge with Travelers Group Inc. , a $70 billion transaction that is the biggest deal in history. If successful , the merger promises to reorder the landscape in financial services. That is a big if , however , since the marriage depends not only on changes in the law that currently restricts combining banking and insurance but also on melding profoundly different corporate cultures.
CARDINALS 9 , CUBS 5 McGwire hit his 65th homer and Sammy Sosa hit his 63d yesterday as the host St. Louis Cardinals closed out an otherwise dismal year with a 9-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs in a game called after 4 innings because of rain. McGwire homered six times in the final seven games , and moved past Ted Williams and Willie McCovey into 10th place on the career list with 522. Throughout the season , McGwire insisted his home-run accomplishments meant nothing compared to how the Cardinals fared. St. Louis finished 75-86 and 21 games behind in the National League Central.
Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield said he was unaware that his name had been revealed as part of a federal investigation of steroid distribution to professional athletes until he arrived Wednesday morning at the team ' s minor league facility. In documents released Tuesday via e-mail to some newspapers , including The New York Times , the United States attorney ' s office in San Francisco mistakenly revealed that Sheffield sent a FedEx package last February to the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative , or Balco , the supplements company being investigated as the source of the steroids. Sheffield was one of several athletes who testified before the grand jury investigating Balco.
When it comes to offshore racing , few regattas in the world compare to the Champagne Mumm Admiral ' s Cup. Like sterling on damask , it is a prestigious yacht-racing affair seldom tarnished by the avant-garde of open sailboat design. But the French are hearing none of that this year. It comes in the form of a wing-shaped mast , steep topsides and a narrow hull. To heighten the yacht ' s mystery , the 50-foot Krazy K-Yote Two has been kept under wraps like a new sports car at an auto show. Each will race with a complement of three boats: a big-boat , a 50-footer rated under handicapping rules; a medium-sized boat , a Sydney 40 rated under its one-design class rules; and a small boat , a Mumm 36 , governed by its class rules.
The president of the A. F. L. -C. I. O. , John Sweeney , plans to ask consumers to boycott three products made by Procter &amp; Gamble to show support for actors who are on strike against the advertising industry. 1 million workers , will ask consumers to forgo the use of Tide laundry detergent , Crest toothpaste and Ivory soap. The boycott is scheduled to be announced at a Tuesday morning rally in Bryant Park in Manhattan.  " This strike has been going on for some time and I think it deserves even more attention than we ' ve been giving it , " Mr. Sweeney said. "
LYNN E. TURNER , the chief accountant at the Securities and Exchange Commission , has a name for the questionable financial figures that are increasingly common in corporate press releases.  " Investors who see such press releases should view them with caution and appropriate skepticism , " Mr. Turner said. Adding that the use of pro forma figures was out-of-control , he advises investors to instead consult the quarterly filings companies make to the S. E. C. , which report financial results in a more complete and balanced fashion. Jack Ciesielski , an accounting expert , also has some advice for investors about the rampant funny numbers out there.
Three agencies resigned accounts. The American unit of Club Mediterranee S. A. and its agency , Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer Euro RSCG in New York , agreed to part ways after four years. Edwina Arnold , a spokeswoman at Club Med in New York , confirmed reports of the decision this week in Advertising Age and Adweek , adding that the company had not determined what to do with the account. Team One Advertising in El Segundo , Calif. , decided against taking part in a review on its America West Airlines account , with billings estimated at $20 million to $24 million.
But they don ' t have to eat what you ' re offering , and therein lies the source of so much trouble in the food trade. The newspapers have been full of the industry ' s misfortune. Krispy Kreme Doughnuts announced in late August that it had its second consecutive disappointing quarter , after years of being a Wall Street darling. It is closing one of its doughnut factories , and federal investigators are looking into its accounting practices. Well , it said that the low-carb craze was hurting its sales. For the most part , the news media hardly followed up with the kind of investigative work that makes a reporter proud.
ASTORIA , Queens , seems separated from Hollywood by more than just the width of a continent. On the corner of 35th Avenue and Steinway , you will find an outpost of the entertainment industry , a 14-screen Regal plex , but you will also be standing at the edge of an early hub of moviemaking: the Astoria Studio complex , the Eastern home of Paramount Pictures until the late 1920 ' s , when the advent of sound forced the studio into receivership. The sprawling soundstages and back lots of Astoria Studios eventually fell into the hands of the Army , which used them to produce training films.
LIKE any title fight , it was supposed to be over after 12 rounds , but with all the commotion over the debatable draw between Evander Holyfield and Lennox Lewis , it ' s as if it were now scheduled for 12 weeks , if not 12 months or more. But if boxing ' s political and promotional structure eventually is changed for the better because of the outcry , the debatable draw will have been worth more to boxing than all the lore of the Thrilla in Manila or the Long Count. Unless evidence of criminal bribery in the judging of the debatable draw is uncovered by the District Attorney ' s office , the vote for Lewis by the South African judge , the vote for Holyfield by the American judge and the vote for a draw by the British judge are no longer relevant.
A year ago , Bill Burnham was just about to give up on his early foray into high-definition television. After paying $2 , 400 for a 36-inch TV set that was high-definition ready , and $1 , 000 more for a satellite receiver with a built-in tuner capable of displaying supersharp images on his movie-shaped screen , he spent a day setting it all up in his home in Palo Alto. But then Mr. Burnham , a venture capitalist , discovered through an online Bay Area forum that many local HDTV devotees were watching over-the-air network programs beamed from San Francisco ' s prominent Sutro broadcast tower.
Prices of Treasury securities rose for the third consecutive session yesterday , as another report , this one on home resales , supported the view that the economy ' s growth is slowing. The benchmark 30-year bond gained 22/32 , to a price of 97 26/32; its yield , which moves in the opposite direction of its price , fell to 6. Yesterday the Treasury sold $18. 25 billion of new two-year notes , and in when-issued trading ahead of the sale , the yield dropped three basis points from the previous day to 6. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
YOU could feel it all week from the Rams and the Titans , all of them thrilled to be in the 34th Super Bowl. It was quite enough that the Rams beat the Titans , 23-16 , in one of the best Super Bowls ever , a collision of churning wills and resolute bodies that was not over until Mike Jones wrapped his arms around Kevin Dyson on the 1-yard line in a tackle that coaches could show in the football training films. Both teams brought the zeal of newcomers who seemed to know this might only come around once in a league that stresses equal distribution of network television money.
If he is elected president on Sunday , as everyone expects he will be , Vladimir V. Putin says he will use a trusted group of former colleagues from the K. G. B. to tackle Russia ' s endemic corruption. A former officer of the K. G. B. , the Soviet intelligence service , and later head of Russia ' s domestic intelligence service , Mr. Putin made a rapid ascent in the Kremlin , stirring concerns among Russians who fear he may try to roll back the nation ' s hard-won freedoms. But in a brief interview with Ted Koppel of the ABC News program " Nightline , " Mr. Putin sought to assure the West that his intelligence connections would be used to build a more fair and even-handed system.
If Derek Jeter reaches an agreement on the largest sports contract in New York history , it will probably come early next week. Casey Close , the agent for the Yankees shortstop , is engaged in negotiations with the team , and while club executives and Close did not return calls yesterday , one major league executive with knowledge of the talks said there was optimism about a long-term deal. Executives around baseball believe Jeter will get a contract for at least eight years and for perhaps as many as 10 , for an average salary of just under $20 million a season.
Perhaps the most extraordinary aspect of Darfur isn ' t that gunmen on the Sudanese payroll heave babies into bonfires as they shout epithets against blacks. It ' s that the rest of us are responding only with averted eyes and polite tut-tutting. This past week alone , Sudan expelled the U. N. envoy for Sudan and sent a proxy army to invade eastern Chad. Those moves underscored both the audacity of Sudan ' s leaders and the fecklessness of the rest of the world ' s. The international community has focused on getting U. N. peacekeepers into Darfur , but Sudan refuses to admit them.
D. at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology developing quantitative methods for making chemical plants more productive. com and has built an 800 , 000-equation computer model of the company ' s sprawling operation , meant to help do most everything from scheduling Christmas overtime to rerouting trucks in a snowstorm. Dr. Allgor ' s work is part of a major shift in direction for Amazon. com , the online retailing giant. And instead of designing zippy new features for its Web site and plotting new industries to conquer , its employees are turning to the tedious work of ordinary companies: cutting costs and raising revenue.
Warp was a businessman living in Chicago who loved collecting artifacts of the past and filming his experiences to show to his family back in Nebraska. Warp wasn ' t an artiste , but in his jiggly style , he filmed one of baseball ' s legendary sequences: Babe Ruth gesturing in a way that made some witnesses believe he was pointing to a spot in the outfield where he would slug a home run. Ruth then hammered a solo shot off the Cubs ' Charlie Root that the film shows , for the first time , landing in faraway center field.
Stephon Marbury could not wait for Lenny Wilkens to take the practice court. Antsy , he had to greet Wilkens , the Knicks ' new coach , beforehand. Given the go-ahead by the Knicks spokesman Joe Favorito , Marbury bolted toward the seated Wilkens , welcoming him to New York with a hug. Marbury , playing for his ninth head coach in his eight seasons in the N. B. A. , has had great starts with coaches before , but now more than ever he knows he needs to make sure his connection with this one remains strong. Wilkens , a Brooklyn native like Marbury , has been a career changer for point guards.
A former senior trader with the Enron Corporation pleaded guilty yesterday to manipulating the California power market illegally during the state ' s energy crisis and then lying about his actions to federal law enforcement officials. The trader , Jeffrey Richter , 33 , was the former head of Enron ' s short-term California energy trading desk. He is the second Enron trader to plead guilty to manipulating the California energy market for the purpose of driving up prices and generating millions of dollars in excess profits for the company. In the plea , Mr. Richter admitted that he worked with others on trading tactics that transformed portions of California ' s complex system for buying and transmitting energy into a fictional world , complete with bogus transmission schedules and imaginary congestion on power lines.
A rapping on the door roused Jets Coach Herman Edwards from the couch where he was being interviewed about his team ' s dysfunctional season. When he resumed the interview Thursday , Edwards admitted that his commitment to coaching had been tested this year , not by the mounting losses but by the lost time with his family. The recent apparent suicide of the eldest son of Edwards ' s close friend Tony Dungy merely sharpened Edwards ' s parental pangs. Bill Belichick , whose Patriots ( 9-5 ) will play the Jets on Monday night at the Meadowlands , is among the coaches who have telephoned Edwards recently to praise him.
Connecticut used a quick transition game and balanced scoring to extend its record winning streak to 63 games today with an 84-44 victory over Seton Hall. It was also the 59th straight home triumph for UConn , in front of a sellout crowd of 10 , 167 at Gampel Pavilion. " I think as long as the ball is moving and people are getting open shots , I think that ' s great for the team. " On Jan. 15 , the Huskies beat Seton Hall by 5 points , scoring a season-low 53 points and shooting 29. 8 percent. But tonight ' s game was never close; UConn shot 58.
PAUL SILAS was at the office early yesterday morning preparing for his first draft as head coach of the Charlotte Hornets. The notion behind the age lockout is that the players would be forced stay in school and mature. Silas pointed out that those baseball and hockey players who go from high school to the big leagues avoid scrutiny. " I don ' t understand that. " He was drafted in 1964 by the St. Louis Hawks in the second round ( 12th pick over all ) and ended his career with Seattle in 1980. " Kids were making enormous amounts of money , the league began marketing them more , they were seen a lot more on TV. "
American bombers laid a heavy barrage across the snowcapped mountains here early this morning as efforts to arrange a surrender of embattled Osama bin Laden fighters broke down. In Washington , a senior military officer said on Tuesday that United States intelligence had intercepted radio communications among Al Qaeda forces talking about Mr. bin Laden ' s location in the Tora Bora area. Although a turnover of weapons had been scheduled for 8 a. m. , the morning began in confusion as mujahedeen fighters , at first resting on the hillsides , began racing up and down the dirt tracks in pickup trucks stuffed with weapons.
Wal-Mart suppliers are willing to go to great lengths to meet Wal-Mart ' s needs. The new system meant Coke ' s bottlers would no longer bring Powerade to Wal-Mart stores. In short , they were being cut out of the system. A group of 60 bottlers , who together represent about 10 percent of Coke ' s volume in the United States , responded by filing two lawsuits against Coca-Cola and Coca-Cola Enterprises , Coke ' s largest bottler. Filed in federal court in Springfield , Mo. , and state court in Birmingham , Ala. , the suits argue that delivery straight to the warehouse violates Coke ' s Powerade contract with bottlers.
Madly poring over notes one last time , giddy after months of dawn-to-midnight cramming , the students skittered into the exam site , a Beijing high school. Their parents , many of whom were robbed of a chance at higher education by the turmoil of Mao ' s Cultural Revolution , are often more nervous than their offspring , and have at least as much invested in the result. Ms. Zhang and her husband were among those who missed out on college in Mao ' s upheaval , and then , as things returned to normal in the late 1970 ' s , were held to a single child by newly stringent family planning rules.
After pulling off an overtime victory over Washington on Sunday , the Giants ' defense , wheezing by the end of regulation , has a chance to catch its second wind. Six days after losing to Dallas in overtime , the Giants lost another lead and were pushed to overtime by a Washington offense that , after being confused for three quarters , cut the Giants ' secondary to ribbons. A week after giving up 321 yards passing to Cowboys quarterback Quincy Carter , the Giants ' secondary was burned by Patrick Ramsey for 348 yards. Mara has been involved with the Giants for eight decades.
The Rangers ' seven-game winning streak had come to an end on Thursday night , but when their noon practice time came today , the ice was empty. Coach John Muckler let his players work on their conditioning rather than work out any flaws from the frustrating 4-3 loss to Toronto. The Rangers , who have played eight games in the last 13 days , flew today to Ottawa for a Saturday night game against the Senators. Muckler opted to keep the team off the ice today in an attempt to save their strength for the games. It gives them a little break from putting on the skates and putting the pads on. "
The slimmed-down Calleri ended Andre Agassi ' s three-year run as champion of the Nasdaq-100 Open , eliminating him on Tuesday in the fourth round , 6-2 , 7-6. Calleri will face the winner of the match between Vince Spadea and Paradorn Srichaphan in the quarterfinals. Second-seeded Andy Roddick defeated Guillermo Canas , 6-3 , 6-3 , on Tuesday to move into the quarterfinals. On the women ' s side , Serena Williams cruised into Thursday ' s semifinals with a match that amounted to little more than a hitting session , a 6-0 , 6-1 whipping of Jill Craybas that showcased Williams ' s most consistent tennis since her return to action in this tournament.
It was not really the criticism , either. He had taken shots for holding out in the third year of a four-year deal that he had signed with the Buccaneers. The fourth year of his contract is an option , which means Rhett will be able to negotiate with other teams in the National Football League , with the Bucs being able to match any offer he gets. Rhett ' s deal was signed in 1994. 28 million with a $600 , 000 signing bonus. Rhett wanted a pay increase for ' 96; few starting backs on any N. F. L. team earn less than $1 million a season.
The stock market rebounded yesterday , as investors were soothed by reports that the economy remains resilient and merger activity is still vibrant.. A day after the Dow Jones industrial average fell 87. 44 points , heavy buying of blue-chip issues helped the Dow climb 66. 76 points , or about eight-tenths of a percent , to close at 8 , 870. Broader measures were even stronger. The Standard &amp; Poor ' s 500-stock index gained 1. 1 percent to close at 1 , 094. 83 and the Nasdaq composite soared 1. 95. Yesterday ' s gain , though , still leaves most major stock indexes far off their all-time highs.
Technology stocks plunged yesterday , as investors used additional signs of a softening economy and confirmation from Vice President Al Gore that he intends to continue his fight for the presidency as excuses to sell shares. Stocks like Microsoft , Qualcomm and Ciena , which still have high price-to-earnings multiples despite big drops this year , led the Nasdaq composite index lower. 05 percent , to 2 , 734. 98 , a 52-week closing low and its lowest level since Oct. 19 , 1999. It was the seventh decline for the Nasdaq index in the last eight sessions. Traders said that much of the decline came during the afternoon , after Mr. Gore reiterated his intention to continue his legal battle for votes in Florida that might win him the presidency over Gov.
Friday night in Detroit , the Knicks made a first-half stand befitting an elite team. They kept pace with the Pistons , who lost Game 7 in the N. B. A. finals last spring after having won the title the year before. But in the third quarter , in what is becoming a defining feature of the Knicks ' season , the offense turned to ice , scoring only 8 points. Some of the younger Knicks led an impressive comeback in the fourth quarter , outscoring the Pistons by 31-23. Brown said that when a team loses focus , as the Knicks did in the third quarter , players begin to take bad shots , allowing the other team easy baskets in transition.
Pavano was standing in front of his locker in the Montreal Expos ' clubhouse before the team ' s first pitcher-and-catcher workout of spring training. He was talking , at his visitor ' s request , about his pitch that Mark McGwire hit last Sept. 27 for his final home run of one of the most memorable sports seasons ever. Pavano threw the ball , McGwire hit it and a medical researcher named Phil Ozersky caught it and later became the beneficiary of $2. 7 million out of the $3 million that a comic book publisher named Todd McFarlane paid for it at auction.
Four weeks ago , Stephen Jackson was just a name on the Nets ' training camp list , one not even Coach Byron Scott recognized. Not only did Jackson , a 22-year-old free-agent rookie , make the team , but in the absence of the injured forward Keith Van Horn , Scott also plans to start Jackson at small forward in the Nets ' season opener Tuesday against the visiting Cleveland Cavaliers. Jackson did not go to college , choosing instead to try to make a National Basketball Association team after high school. On Tuesday , Jackson will be officially introduced to the highest level of his sport.
Almost three dozen horses were entered yesterday in the four stakes that make up tomorrow ' s Breeders ' Cup Preview at Belmont Park , which stars Skip Away and Siphon , who have combined earnings of $7 million but almost no chance of going on to the Breeders ' Cup three weeks later. Skip Away was made the even-money favorite , with Siphon next at 7-5 odds , in the $1 million Jockey Club Gold Cup , the main event of a day devoted to preparing horses for the Breeders ' Cup at Hollywood Park on Nov. 8. So , the two horses will stage their personal shootout tomorrow at Belmont.
WHEN Peter Lampione checks the weather before getting dressed each morning , he turns to his home security system. And if iCenter buyers choose to add more devices , they can also use the system while they are away from home , to control the stereo , the electric coffee pot and other household appliances. A home security system used to mean no more than motion detectors , magnetic contacts to monitor doors and windows , smoke detectors and a " panic " button that summoned help. But as technology has advanced , and computing costs have declined , more security companies like ADT Security Services , maker of the iCenter , have begun incorporating " smart home " features that let people control household functions from a central location.
FROM his old friend , Chris Webber has received the following advice regarding his trade to the Sacramento Kings , a team he is reportedly not overjoyed about playing for: show up , suit up and shut up. That would likewise have been prudent advice to the rest of the conscientious objectors from the National Basketball Association who would not serve Uncle David Stern ' s country club in Athens at the world championships , in the face of a lockout. So instead of the likes of Webber and company , the United States went to battle yesterday with the anti-Dream Team , with players from the European leagues and the basketball bushes , with Jimmy King of the Quad City Thunder.
A team that ended up being loathed by parts of middle America last season for its brazen arrogance and outlaw roster has emerged this season with an identity as indistinguishable as a blade of grass. Nothing about the Knicks stands out. The same Knicks who finished last year with a dynamic personality have fallen back into the kind of mediocre state that nearly ruined them before they awoke for an electric springtime playoff run. Nearly despondent , the Knicks shrugged their shoulders as to why they have reverted to their bad habits and shuffled out of the Staples Center in Los Angeles Tuesday night embarrassed.
In the clubby world of corporate boardrooms , outside directors are rarely held responsible for what befalls their companies. But as more questions emerge over the board ' s independence and role in the collapse of Enron , the outsiders who were Enron directors are coming under sharp criticism. And doubts are increasing over whether they will ever be named to other boards.  " The directors of Enron are going to carry this stigma with them , " said Patrick McGurn , a vice president at Institutional Shareholder Services , which advises large investors about proxy issues. " What makes the Enron case different , Mr. McGurn said , is how " sudden and final " the company ' s fall was for its shareholders. "
SOME of the greatest players in baseball history baseball immortals , as the mortals say -- had gathered , as they do every year around this time , to honor the new members of the Hall of Fame. This year the inductees were Gary Carter and Eddie Murray. Yesterday afternoon , just before the ceremony at the Clark Sports Center here , under gray clouds that threatened rain , a commotion bubbled up and grew in intensity. It turned out that the source of the hubbub was not the appearance of Willie Mays or Bob Feller or Yogi Berra or any of the other renowned pitchers and hitters in attendance , it was the arrival of a long-ago , light-hitting first baseman for Yale.
is the kind of book that writers are warned against. Never mind that its subject matter , the role of religion in American politics , has been far hotter this summer than the actual weather. It includes Protestants , Catholics , Jews , Muslims and nonbelievers -- and , of course , Republicans , Democrats and independents. Three former presidential aides found in these pages suggest the book ' s ideological spectrum: a conservative , Gary L. Bauer; a liberal , Paul Begala; and a libertarian , Doug Bandow. From the sociology of religion come such prominent -- and different -- practitioners as Robert Bellah , Andrew Greeley and Alan Wolfe , and one can say the same of jurisprudence and political science.
Joe Paterno has begun sweeping up a shattered football season , but he sees luster in some of the shards in the dustpan. Instead , the Nittany Lions are 4-6 and will not play in a bowl game for only the fifth time under Paterno. Paterno had a chance to break Bear Bryant ' s Division I-A record of 323 career victories this year , but the best Paterno can now hope for is a tie. Defensive back Adam Taliaferro , the freshman who suffered a spinal-cord injury late in the loss to Ohio State , has now made some progress in his rehabilitation.
It happened first in California 15 years ago: a housing boom touched off a litigation boom as legions of lawyers filed lawsuits accusing builders of shoddy workmanship. Fueled by Americans ' gambling fever , Las Vegas and other Nevada resort cities have seen dizzying economic and population growth the last decade. And California lawyers who specialize in cases involving home construction defects , hit by a slump in their state ' s housing market , are practically drooling over the prospects next door. They are taking the Nevada bar exam at double the rate of three years ago and are aggressively wooing Nevada property managers and homeowners associations.
On the run , he flipped the ball back over the net and had the snap reflex to field a sharp volley by a hard-charging Nicolas Escude and put it away for a winner. From there , a relentless Agassi , placing his ground strokes like a pool shark , reconfirmed his status as the player most likely to succeed at the United States Open with a 7-6 ( 7-3 ) , 6-3 , 6-4 victory against the 136th-ranked Frenchman last night to advance to the semifinals against third-seeded Yevgeny Kafelnikov.  " I ' m sure it ' s going to be lightning , " Kafelnikov said after weathering 48 aces by Richard Krajicek on a marathon journey through a 7-6 ( 7-0 ) , 7-6 ( 7-4 ) , 3-6 , 1-6 , 7-6 ( 7-5 ) victory yesterday. "
The Philadelphia Phillies complained to the National League office earlier this season about cameras at Shea Stadium , concerned that the Mets were using them to steal signs. Then , when the Phillies were at Shea again last week , Mets Manager Bobby Valentine said , the cords to one of the three cameras -- the one closest to the visitor ' s dugout -- were cut. Valentine has said in the past that he does not believe in coincidence. Asked if he were insinuating that the Phillies were responsible , Valentine said , " I ' m sure it was a fan. "
The chief executive of the Ford Motor Company , Jacques A. Nasser , has resigned , according to a person close to the company. William Clay Ford Jr. , the chairman of Ford and the great-grandson of Henry Ford , will take over as chief executive. The resignation of Mr. Nasser , 53 , brings to a close an increasingly embattled tenure , troubled by a dispute with Bridgestone that led to Ford ' s recall of millions of Firestone tires. Ford has also suffered from falling sales , quality problems and dealers ' criticism. In recent months , its financial losses have mounted , as well as the loss of some of its share of the market while its larger rival , General Motors , has gained somewhat.
The ice reminds him of former teammates like Patrick Ewing , who used to endure the ritual every night when Houston arrived in New York in 1996. On Sunday afternoon , Houston played 39 minutes in the Knicks ' victory over the Washington Wizards. He will be ready again Tuesday night when the Knicks play host to the Boston Celtics. After off-season arthroscopic surgery on his right knee and a stop-and-start recovery this season , Houston , who will turn 33 in April , can now think about the postseason again and can see himself as a major part of it.
Six Sigma. In consultant-speak , it denotes the path to a corporate nirvana where everything -- from product design to manufacturing to billing -- proceeds without a hitch. 4 defects per million widgets or procedures. In practice , Six Sigma is a statistical quality-control method that combines the art of the efficiency expert with the science of the computer geek. And a growing group of big no-nonsense companies like Allied Signal , Motorola and General Electric swear by it.  " Six Sigma has galvanized our company with an intensity the likes of which I have never seen in my 40 years at G. E. , " said John F. Welch , the chairman of General Electric.
AH , the Yankees , the island of peace -- for today ' s baseball managers. The tremendously calm Joe Torre stands as a beacon of sanity in what was formerly the biggest cuckoo ' s nest in baseball. And this while some of the Yankee manager ' s more celebrated peers are either losing their heads , or having them lopped off. Take Baltimore ' s Davey Johnson , the manager of the winningest team in the American League but one who cannot stay out of harm ' s way. Instead of letting sleeping feuds lie , Johnson on Monday stirred the embers of his rift with the Orioles ' owner , Peter Angelos , by suggesting his contract either be extended or bought out so that he can turn his attention to another team.
If you were certain your bank was charging you for every service possible , think again. Chase began charging the fee last year , as customers find out when they receive their renewal notices. Box holders who have Chase accounts and who let the bank deduct the safe-deposit box rent directly from their checking accounts do not have to pay the fee; about half the bank ' s safe-deposit boxes , however , are rented by noncustomers. According to Dove Associates , a international management consulting firm in Boston , the cost to banks of mailing invoices to their customers is usually about 50 cents each , including postage.
PATRICK J. FANT acknowledges that the designs on his coffins may not be for everyone. That design , " Fairway to Heaven " is one of 16 that Mr. Fant ' s company , White Light of Dallas , sells to families that want to add some originality to the business of sending loved ones to their eternal rest. One model glimmers with faux stained glass; another portrays the Virgin of Guadalupe with her hands folded in prayer. A third coffin bears the design of an AIDS ribbon , and a fourth resembles a package wrapped in brown paper , complete with a stamped message , " Return to Sender. "
As Kenyon Martin returns to play in New Jersey today for the first time since the Nets let him go in a controversial sign-and-trade with Denver last summer , he carries this distinction: He has had 5 coaches in 13 months. With the Nuggets , Jeff Bzdelik was replaced by the interim coach Michael Cooper , and now Martin is settling in , appreciatively , with George Karl. For the first half of the season , fan enthusiasm waned as the Nuggets ' losses mounted. Since Karl ' s hiring , the Nuggets have gone 6-2 , coming into the Meadowlands off Friday ' s nationally televised victory over Cleveland.
Valhol , the Arkansas Derby winner whose jockey may or may not have used an illegal electrical device during the race , will get to run in the Kentucky Derby after all , although not with the same jockey. , yesterday , Pulaski County Circuit Judge John Plegge ordered the Arkansas Racing Commission to pay Valhol ' s owner , Jim Jackson , the $300 , 000 winner ' s purse from the Arkansas Derby despite arguments by the commission that the Kentucky Derby would be tainted if Valhol ran in the race. Valhol will now have sufficient stakes earnings to qualify for Saturday ' s Kentucky Derby , which is expected to have a full field of 20 horses for its 125th running.
Watch Jimmy Johnson cut a creative swath through his workday and you understand that the new Miami Dolphins coach was paying rapt attention in class when he majored in psychology at the University of Arkansas. Johnson , who coached the Dallas Cowboys to two Super Bowl championships before sitting out the last two seasons , probably faces one of his tougher motivational challenges this season. Riding Dan Marino ' s distinguished right arm , the Dolphins for years have been pesky enough to make the playoffs but have done little more. They have just 149 yards rushing through two exhibition games , including 89 in a 24-21 loss to Chicago on Sunday.
When we last saw John Cooper , the hard-nosed Ohio State coach was soaking up the love vibrations in a touching scene at the Rose Bowl on New Year ' s Day. Ohio State had struck the final blow in a back-and-forth battle with Arizona State and emerged with a 20-17 victory. The victory capped a brilliant 11-1 season , and Cooper , who had formerly coached at Arizona State , became the first head coach to lead teams from the Pacific-10 and the Big Ten conferences to Rose Bowl victories. The Buckeyes are host to Wyoming in Columbus , Ohio , in their season opener. "
By turning aside 31 shots in a 3-1 victory at Madison Square Garden last night , Rangers goaltender Henrik Lundqvist ended the Devils ' nine-game winning streak , the second longest in franchise history. Lundqvist , 23 , also became the first Rangers rookie to record 20 victories in a season since Mike Richter had 21 in 1990-91. Rangers Coach Tom Renney said the contest against the Devils was " a litmus test. " With a victory in the first game of a five-game homestand , the Rangers ( 28-14-7 ) moved past Buffalo into sole possession of fourth place in the Eastern Conference with 63 points in 49 games.
The Miami Dolphins were in their defensive huddle before the Atlanta Falcons came to the line of the scrimmage today in the game ' s waning seconds , needing 1 yard to possibly force overtime. Safety Brock Marion heard linebacker Zach Thomas say above the din: " Keep your heads up. They ' re not in the end zone yet. Marion said that the unity coming out of that huddle was remarkable as the Dolphins stopped Atlanta fullback Bob Christian short , preserving a 21-14 victory and clinching a playoff spot in front of 73 , 559 at Pro Player Stadium.
DEFYING all the actuarial tables , the older generations are multiplying. The era of Jerry West ( and Hot Rod Hundley before him , and Rod Thorn after him ) made it difficult for the subsequent generations that did not live up to the standard.  " Jerry is something special , " Beilein was saying yesterday as the Mountaineers prepared to play Texas tonight in the Round of 16 of the N. C. A. Back then , West Virginia flourished with homegrown boys who learned the game without enough level ground for boys to play five on five and practice the nuances of dribbling and defense and rebounding.
 " Today we are here to show the Americans that we will stand strong against all aggression against Iraq , " said Abdullah Jamin Ahmed , 50 , a retiree with a gray mustache and an AK-47 leaning against his left shoulder. This was not the first parade , in recent months , of the Jerusalem Army , a civilian militia that claims seven million members around Iraq , but it appeared to be the largest. Perhaps 50 , 000 militia members -- men , women , the old and big-bellied as well as the young and trim -- marched here to prove that ordinary Iraqis are armed and ready to fight if the United States carries out its threat to attack Iraq.
Hesitant investors awaiting a glimmer of good news in the battered computer sector or an excuse for the Federal Reserve to leave interest rates alone found both late last week , and responded by slamming their hands down on the " buy " button. B. M. ' s $16 billion contract with Dell Computer , and the Labor Department ' s announcement that unemployment had unexpectedly ticked up a bit in February while average wages barely budged. The Dow industrials closed Friday at a new high of 9 , 736. Broader market indexes posted more modest but still healthy gains. Many European and Asian markets rode on Wall Street ' s coattails Friday and finished ahead for the week.
When life is not going so smoothly and people reach for goodies full of fat and sugar , they are doing more than surrendering to cravings. Comfort foods like chocolate cake and ice cream literally blunt the body ' s response to chronic stress , scientists reported last week. Eating calorie-rich food seems to calm the nerves , but eating too much can lead to obesity , depression and more stress. This is the first time it has been shown that the tendency to overeat in the face of chronic stress is biologically driven , said Dr. Norman Pecoraro , a postdoctoral fellow at the University of California at San Francisco who helped carry out the research in rats.
So many contenders entered the final round of the British Open with more experience and more success than Ben Curtis , the eventual champion. When they reflect on what could have been , Tiger Woods , Vijay Singh , Thomas Bjorn , Davis Love III and Sergio García will all wish they could play the final round again. 8 , missing a 3-footer for par. He received a huge ovation from the gallery as he walked toward the 18th green , and he was clearly moved.  " I ' m disappointed , " Woods said. " He ' s got a very good short game , great putter , and he keeps the ball in play.
ROBERT LISCOUSKI left his job as the head of information security at Coca-Cola three months ago to join a start-up. " The pace of work is frenetic , the organization is being built from the ground up , and , like a dot-com in the euphoria years , the new Department of Homeland Security -- the DHS in Mr. Liscouski ' s locution -- will have some serious money to spend. Nothing , of course , will bring back the dot-com heyday. But to much of Silicon Valley , the government ' s mandate to improve homeland security looks as if it could be the next-best thing -- a technology push , stimulated by government , that is expected to create a lucrative market in computer hardware and software for surveillance , data collection , data analysis and cybersecurity.
, has dropped everything and rushed out of his home office a dozen times in recent years to deal with his elderly parents ' emergencies. " said Mr. Orenstein , 61 , who helped care for his ailing father , Harold , for years before his death from congestive heart failure last September. More men are stepping in to care for elderly mothers , fathers and other relatives and are conducting a difficult balancing act between work and home life , according to a new study. Two-thirds of men and women who provide care say their careers have suffered as a result , yet men are far less likely to tell their bosses or co-workers about their role.
Charles R. Schwab , the founder of the Charles Schwab brokerage firm , is in that spot right now. In May 2003 , Mr. Schwab gave up the title of co-chief executive to be a model of the active nonexecutive chairman. Mr. Schwab said then that he had adopted the view of regulators , legislators and others that " it is important in today ' s environment that the positions of C. E. O. and chairman be distinct. " Then , on July 20 , Mr. Schwab demanded the resignation of his hand-picked successor , David S. Pottruck , and reassumed the title of chief executive.
The hand-drawn banner hanging from the upper deck along the left-field line was new to the Metrodome , but the nickname on it was not. Frank Viola , the former Twins pitcher who threw out the ceremonial first pitch tonight , answered to Sweet Music in the late 1980 ' s , after leaving St. John ' s University. But for Game 2 of the American League Championship Series , the banner identified a new one: Rick " Sweet Music " Reed. Pitching with guile and precision control , Reed , a former Met , collected 9 of his team-high 15 victories in the second half to help the Twins overcome injuries to Brad Radke and Joe Mays and win the American League Central.
Huet , from the parish of St. -Martin-d ' Heres in Grenoble , France , is the biggest sensation to hit French-speaking Canada since José Théodore won the Hart Trophy ( most valuable player ) and the Vezina Trophy ( most valuable goaltender ) for the 2001-2 season. 1 goaltender in February , and played so well that Montreal shipped Théodore to Colorado before the trading deadline last month. Before last night ' s 3-2 home loss to the Devils , Huet had a six-game winning streak. ( The Canadiens had won eight in a row. ) Through Friday ' s games , he was tied with Ottawa ' s Dominik Hasek for the league lead in goals against average ( 2.
There are two power centers in Iran. One is the Government , chosen by voters and open to improved relations with the United States. President Clinton was right yesterday to welcome President Mohammed Khatami ' s encouraging call for a dialogue with Washington , but the White House should not mistake the overture as a sign that Iran ' s powerful clerics have endorsed a more peaceful foreign policy. The journey back to normal relations with Iran , if it unfolds at all , will be slow and circuitous. Mr. Khatami , overwhelmingly elected in May by millions of citizens weary of Islamic zealotry , has a more moderate vision for Iran than Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the country ' s religious leader and supreme ruler.
IN some ways , the main trading floor at BlackRock looks more like the cockpit of the Starship Enterprise than the nerve center of one of the industry ' s fastest-growing investment management companies. A small army of studious portfolio managers sits in a vast amphitheater. And his new Mr. Spock is Peter R. Fisher , 47 , a former under secretary of the Treasury who joined BlackRock last month , bringing his experience as the federal government ' s top bond trader. With a fleet of 40 open-end mutual funds and 47 closed-end funds , and $309 billion under management , most of it in bonds , BlackRock already has a reputation as one of Wall Street ' s savviest bond investors.
Cone knew that Strawberry had seen the caps on television , but he wanted to give him one remind his teammate just how much he meant to the Yankees. Strawberry underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumor from his colon on Saturday , and Cone and Manager Joe Torre were among a group of Yankees who visited him in the hospital less than 24 hours later. They represented the close-knit team , whose players and coaches had been anxious to see Strawberry and let him know he was in their thoughts as they played on in the post-season without him. 39 on his cap in tribute to Strawberry.
Tens of thousands of dollars have been raised , some from out of state , whereas previous board candidates raised only a few hundred dollars. Candidates are taking the unusual step of running television commercials and are printing up leaflets and yard signs by the thousands. Democrats are switching their party affiliation just to vote for school board candidates in the Republican primary. And in what political observers consider extraordinary , Kansas ' s highest-ranking Republicans -- the governor and a United States senator -- have not only weighed in on the races , but have also endorsed opposing candidates in their own party.
In an era of pitch counts and pitcher pampering , Schilling is the square peg in the round hole. The dean of the Philadelphia Phillies ' attractive young team , Schilling is the reincarnation of Robin Roberts , the team ' s Hall of Fame pitching star of the first half of the 1950 ' s , a player who more often than not completed what he started. Last season , Schilling led the major leagues in pitchers ' blue-collar statistics , working 268 2/3 innings and throwing 4 , 213 pitches , according to Stats Inc. Half of that work was the result of a major league-leading 15 complete games , which matched the most anyone has achieved since Roger Clemens completed 18 starts in 1987.
A remarkable reversal of sentiment and symbolism has occurred in the five months since designers here and in Milan and London , the site of fervent antiwar rallies , displayed peace flags and , in one instance , staged a love-in that featured a couple in a bed. But last week in Milan , on the same runway where he had criticized the president , Mr. Ford struck an image that symbolized the virile Texas cowboy in boots and broad hat. Other tried-and-true symbols of American strength and power appeared at Prada , as correct displays of 1950 ' s country-club attire; at Jean Paul Gaultier , as waistcoats inspired by James West , the 1960 ' s television cowboy version of James Bond; at Junya Watanabe , as battle jackets and cartridge belts fashioned from banker ' s broadcloth; and at Louis Vuitton , as well-scrubbed young men in tennis whites and navy blazers.
Derek Jeter does not try to disguise his hitting strategy. He looks for fastballs , whether it is the first inning or the ninth inning , whether he is facing Curt Schilling or Keith Foulke , whether it is the second game in April or the 172nd game in October. Jeter believes that approach enables him to be ready for a heater and to be poised to react to other pitches. If Jeter sees the red seams of the baseball buzzing toward him like a red dot , he knows it is a slider. When Foulke tossed a 3-2 pitch yesterday in the ninth inning of a tie game between the Yankees and the Boston Red Sox , Jeter , as always , was thinking fastball.
For Dick Vermeil , the new coach and general manager of the St. Louis Rams , the day begins at 6 A. M. and ends around midnight. He says he is not sleeping on office couches anymore , but around the National Football League the word is out that Vermeil is already approaching the feverish schedule that drove him from the Philadelphia Eagles 15 years ago , when he was worn out from the long hours , his mind overloaded with facts and numbers and faces. The hot concept these days in the N. F. L. is total control , and Vermeil has it.
Simply , two questions need answering: Is Lennox Lewis done ?  " This is about one guy fighting for everything he has and another fighting for everything he wants , " said Mark Taffet , the head of HBO pay-per-view , which is televising the rematch between Rahman and Lewis on Saturday night. The undercard begins at 9 p. m. Eastern time and the main event at about midnight. When they fought in South Africa last April , Rahman shook the boxing world , knocking out Lewis with an overhand right in the fifth round. Gone , in a blink , were Lewis ' s World Boxing Council and International Boxing Federation titles , not to mention his aura as the best heavyweight of a mediocre millennium class.
In his first season at Manhattan , Gonzalez has to look the part to help shift his reputation from that of a recruiting star to a bench coach. Yesterday they overcome an 18-point deficit to beat Marist , 74-71 , in the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference Challenge. The Jaspers , after winning just five games last season , improved to 6-6 over all , with a 3-1 mark in the M. A. A. C. , the loss coming in a tight game last Thursday at Siena , which is the favorite to win the conference. Manhattan built a 68-63 lead on a 3-pointer by Bruce Seals with 2 minutes 3 seconds remaining , but Marist ( 5-8 , 1-3 ) answered with a 3-pointer from point guard Sean Kennedy , who then stole the ball and converted a breakaway layup to tie the score.
The breakthrough year for the San Diego Padres continued into the off season yesterday when Bruce Bochy , manager of the National League West champions , was voted manager of the year by the baseball writers. Bochy , the first San Diego manager to be so honored since the inception of the award in 1983 , led the Padres to a 91-71 record and the division title , one game ahead of the Los Angeles Dodgers. Like his club , Bochy won a squeaker , edging out Felipe Alou of Montreal , who was second , and Tony La Russa of St. Louis in voting by two writers from each of the N. L. ' s 14 cities.
THE END OF FAITH Religion , Terror , and the Future of Reason. 95. It ' s not often that I see my florid strain of atheism expressed in any document this side of the Seine , but " The End of Faith " articulates the dangers and absurdities of organized religion so fiercely and so fearlessly that I felt relieved as I read it , vindicated , almost personally understood. Sam Harris presents major religious systems like Judaism , Christianity and Islam as forms of socially sanctioned lunacy , their fundamental tenets and rituals irrational , archaic and , important when it comes to matters of humanity ' s long-term survival , mutually incompatible.
Mitsubishi Motors , the ailing Japanese automaker , reported on Monday a sharp widening in its losses for the last six months , as it failed to halt sharp declines in sales in Japan and the United States. The net loss widened to 146. 2 billion yen ( $1. 2 billion yen loss in the period last year. And with vehicle sales falling at a faster pace than expected , the company warned that its loss for the financial year ending in March would probably be worse than previously forecast. The dismal report is the latest setback for Mitsubishi Motors , which is struggling to recover from a series of devastating mistakes in Japan and in the United States.
George W. Bush could not name several foreign leaders when he was hit with a pop quiz by a television reporter , according to a report by the television station on Wednesday night. Andy Hiller , the reporter for WHDH-TV in Boston who administered the impromptu test , asked Mr. Bush in an interview on Wednesday if he could identify the top person in power in three countries and a Russian republic that have recently encountered turmoil: Taiwan , India , Pakistan and Chechnya. Mr. Bush , the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination , seemingly knew the answer for Taiwan -- Lee Teng-hui -- but not the others , and tried to turn the tables on Mr. Hiller.
There has been a clamor for Giants Coach Jim Fassel to open up the offense and take some unconventional risks as the season winds down. Giants fans may soon be getting their wish. Should the 275-pound Howard Cross , the team ' s starting tight end , end up split wide as a receiver on Sunday , it will not be an attempt by Fassel to be unorthodox , however. In the last several days the Giants have lost the wide receivers David Patten and Joe Jurevicius to knee injuries , and a third receiver , Chris Calloway , is also hobbled by a knee injury , though he is expected to play against the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday.
Ordered to stop the scientific research he thought extremely promising , Shuji Nakamura hid the work from his superiors at a Japanese chemical company. He secretly obtained patents in the company ' s name. Dr. Nakamura ' s mission paid off: his inventions revolutionized the world of consumer electronics. One helped make possible an array of products , from flat-panel computer screens to video billboards to long-lasting , efficient flashlights. Another will make it possible to store 5 to 10 movies on a single DVD-like disk. But in Japan he is more controversial. After it was clear his inventions would make a lot of money , his bosses took them to market without additional compensation for him.
In the past few months , quarterback Troy Aikman has heard from a number of people -- family members , friends , former teammates and others -- who either directly or subtly said he should retire from the National Football League. For the longest time , Aikman resisted , exploring his options for playing again next season. He went along with blinders on , almost ignoring the fact that in his past 20 starts he had sustained four concussions , bringing his total number of concussions to at least 10 in his 12-year professional career. Aikman , the leader on three Super Bowl championship teams , explained his thought process at an emotional news conference yesterday at Texas Stadium as he announced his retirement.
Darren Fowler was heaping praise on his Iraqi counterparts for helping capture three insurgent suspects who had provided information he believed would save American lives.  " The detainee gave us names from the highest to the lowest , " Captain Fowler told the Iraqi soldiers. " He showed us their safe houses , where they store weapons and I. E. D. ' s and where they keep kidnap victims , how they get weapons , where weapons come from , how they place I. E. D. ' s , attack us and go away. The Iraqi officers beamed. What the Americans did not know and what the Iraqis had not told them was that before handing over the detainees to the Americans , the Iraqi soldiers had beaten one of them in front of the other two , the Iraqis said.
Amid injury and inconsistency , the Knicks were forced to concentrate as they headed into consecutive games against the Chicago Bulls and Minnesota Timberwolves. Van Gundy made those comments before Saturday night ' s 88-79 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves , which gave the Knicks a season-best four-game winning streak as they headed into a three-day break that ends Wednesday night at Boston. Latrell Sprewell quickly raised his level of play , scoring 27 points against the Timberwolves after scoring 32 against the Bulls. Allan Houston , shaking off a stomach virus that caused him to miss Friday night ' s game , scored 27 Saturday night , including a critical jump shot with 50 seconds to play that stymied a Minnesota rally.
Is Scott Sassa , the president of NBC ' s West Coast division , in so much trouble with the network ' s management that he is about to be fired ? Not at all , say a wide range of senior NBC executives. The officials were put on the defensive last week when The New York Post published an article saying that John F. Welch Jr. , the chairman of General Electric , NBC ' s parent , had criticized Mr. Sassa during a tense senior management meeting last Tuesday. Dismissing the threat to Mr. Sassa , Kassie Canter , the corporate spokeswoman for the network said , " The Post dredged up a six-week-old rumor. "
The term , Mr. Gates told Forbes magazine last year , is " a required slide in every funding presentation. " Still , Mr. Gates might do well to pay attention , says Clayton M. Christensen , the Harvard Business School professor who coined the phrase. His book , " The Innovator ' s Dilemma: When New Technologies Cause Great Firms to Fail , " has been causing a stir at technology companies since it was published in 1997. It describes how leading companies are ambushed by new products. A large , integrated company makes sense , in his view , when a technology is young and it is a formidable task simply to make a product or service that works.
" ON a winning streak , " Gabe Paul used to say when he was running the streaking New York Yankees , " even the food tastes better. " Nobody has asked Cigar how his food tastes these days , but he has been eating it up with gusto. Citation swept the Triple Crown in 1948 , missed the entire next season with an injury but came back when he was 5 years old and won his 16th straight in his first race. Secretariat swept the Triple Crown , won the Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths and became a legend. Seattle Slew won nine straight races through the Triple Crown.
After centuries of monarchy , foreign occupation , civil war and Taliban tyranny , Hamid Karzai was inaugurated as the country ' s first democratically elected president. Washington , which played a vital role in this welcome transition , sent a high-level delegation , led by Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. But the biggest credit goes to the Afghan people , who braved long lines and threats of Taliban terror in October to have a say in their political future. But their hopes won ' t be fulfilled until Afghanistan has an elected parliament as well. Parliamentary elections , which were originally supposed to be held at the same time as the presidential vote , have repeatedly been postponed.
Seamus Heaney still remembers that day in 1968 when the shy 16-year-old stood before him , a small , cherubic boy from a modest family , with a wash of wild , curly hair framing his face. The boy , Paul Muldoon , had just been introduced to Mr. Heaney , the poet , by his high school English teacher at a reading in Armagh in Northern Ireland.  " Perhaps you can tell me where I went wrong ? " Mr. Heaney wrote back. " The rest is legend in poetry circles. Mr. Muldoon ' s first collection , " New Weather , " was published in 1973 , when he was only 20 , by T. S. Eliot ' s house , Faber &amp; Faber; he became one of the youngest poets ever to be published there.
Two rival biotechnology companies announced this week that they had cloned pigs that are missing a specific gene , a feat that experts say helps pave the way to transplanting pig organs into people without causing immune rejection. With human organs in short supply , companies have been racing to develop so-called knockout pigs in which a gene that prompts rejection has been removed , or knocked out. Although pigs have been cloned before , until now scientists have been able to add genes but not to take them away. , announced that they had created four cloned miniature pigs , each lacking one of two copies of the crucial gene.
American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES -- Placed OF Jay Gibbons on the 15-day DL , retroactive to May 26. CLEVELAND INDIANS -- Announced the resignation of Tom Burns , director of public relations and marketing for Buffalo of the IL , effective June 12. MINNESOTA TWINS -- Activated C Joe Mauer from the 15-day DL. Optioned 1B Justin Morneau to Rochester of the IL. YANKEES -- Placed OF Kenny Lofton on the 15-day DL , retroactive to May 27. OAKLAND ATHLETICS -- Placed 3B Eric Chavez on the 15-day DL. SEATTLE MARINERS -- Optioned RHP Gil Meche to Tacoma of the PCL.
They watched as Miami and New England lost , and sole possession of first place in the American Football Conference East became available. The Jets had not held it this late in the season since 1986. In the locker room a few minutes later , Parcells cautioned his 6-3 Jets that they must now learn how to handle a different kind of pressure: that of holding on to first place. The Patriots , Dolphins and Bills , the class of the division for so many years , are right behind them at 5-4. And Miami is waiting for the Jets next Sunday , though the status of Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino was uncertain after he sprained his left ankle today in the loss to the Bills.
American League CHICAGO WHITE SOX -- Traded RHP Luis Andujar and RHP Allen Halley to the Toronto Blue Jays for LHP Tony Castillo and INF Domingo Cedeno. Announced the termination of their affiliation with South Bend of the Midwest League at the end of this season. SEATTLE MARINERS -- Signed OF Claudio Liverziani to a minor-league contract. National League PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES -- Agreed to terms with 2B Mickey Morandini on a three-year contract. National Basketball Association PHILADELPHIA 76ERS -- Signed C-F Michael Cage. National Football League CHARLOTTE PANTHERS -- Waived WR Reggie Jones. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS -- Released K Bjorn Nittmo.
President Bush agreed today to begin negotiations in the United Nations Security Council to authorize a multinational force for Iraq but insisted that the troops be placed under American command , according to senior administration officials. It also amounts to one of the most significant changes in strategy since the end of major combat in Iraq. The White House acted just as a new Congressional study showed that the Army lacked the active-duty troops to keep the current occupation force in Iraq past March , without getting extra help from either other services and reserves or from other nations , or without spending tens of billions to vastly expand its size.
Rapid growth and mergers and acquisitions are roiling corporate America , creating management headaches that must be handled with some old-fashioned command-and-control leadership. After all , to wring out inefficiencies and cut costs , companies have to make sure things are done a certain way. At the same time , managers are increasingly expected to accommodate the particular work styles of their employees. In an age of so-called talent shortages , on top of an overall employee shortage , many productive workers see themselves increasingly as free agents who can take advantage of the seller ' s market for their skills.
The perception of the Michigan Wolverines was of a program wobbling toward mediocrity , with the baggage of four consecutive four-loss seasons and accusations that it was too rooted in the past. They were good enough to be ranked in preseason polls , but not any higher than the flotsam and jetsam of post-season candidates. If they were lucky , the Wolverines would end their season in a considerably warmer place than Ann Arbor. Eye-popping hindsight tells us that the low expectations now appear so wrong because they were formed by looking backward and not forward. They did not take into account the possibility of growth , of maturity , of good players becoming very good and outstanding players turning into great ones.
Randi Wittlin-Weiss died young , at 40. Ms. Wittlin-Weiss , a former marketing executive and stay-at-home mother , was killed not by terrorists but by breast cancer. She died on Oct. 6 , after five and a half years of illness , and after saying goodbye to her two sons , Roy , 9 , and Gil , 5. As thousands of families who lost someone at the World Trade Center have mourned in the glare of history , thousands more who lost someone to sickness , old age or accident have mourned in its shadow. In effect , the nation ' s catastrophe has created a new context for those who are dealing with everyday death , if there is such a thing.
For most weeks in the last year , the competition among the network evening newscasts has been a one-sided three-way race. With a few exceptions , NBC ' s " Nightly News " has been winning consistently enough for the network to brand itself on the air with impunity: " America ' s News Leader. " With " Today " dominant in the morning , " Meet the Press " the regular champion among the Sunday-morning talk shows , and " Dateline NBC " filling prime-time hours with solid ratings , that claim has had ample justification. While not a definitive trend , ABC ' s newscast , " World News Tonight , " has interrupted the weekly march to the top by the " Nightly News. "
An additional 407 ethnic Albanians , among more than a million pushed out of their homes in Kosovo by Serbian security forces , arrived at this training camp turned immigration center today. Some hobbled down the steps of the blue-and-white Boeing 747 charter plane that brought them here , and a toddler burst into tears upon seeing an American soldier on the runway. Serb forces stripped many Albanians of their identity documents before expelling them and threatened them with death if they return to their homes , the refugees here said. As today ' s newcomers stepped off the buses that brought them here from nearby McGuire Air Force Base , those refugees who arrived on Wednesday crowded toward them , searching for friends and relatives.
Jason Kidd is returning to San Antonio on Wednesday , and he cannot even be sure that one of his favorite restaurants , Rosario ' s Mexican Cafe , will embrace him anymore. In July , he was treated to a free-agent recruiting bonanza , led by Spurs Coach Gregg Popovich , and chauffeured by the league ' s most valuable player , Tim Duncan. Kidd spurned the Spurs and re-signed with the Nets for six years and $103 million. When Kidd is introduced at the SBC Center , he will probably hear exactly what San Antonio thought of his decision.
How about Atlanta ? Since a bruising fare war in the summer of 1992 , airlines have been steadily raising ticket prices for travelers , typically business people , who fly during the workweek on short notice. The increases have hit particularly hard the smaller companies that lack the clout to negotiate discounts with airlines. The average round-trip business fare climbed to $820 in January from $442 in May 1992 , an 86 percent jump , according to American Express Travel , which compiles an index of typical business fares. Over the last year alone , the fares have gone up 28 percent , and just last Friday , airlines raised fares an average of 4 percent.
In September 1979 , I won the United States Open 35-and-over title at Flushing Meadows over Nancy Richey , who will be inducted in the International Tennis Hall of Fame in July.
A. , resurfaced with the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday , looking relaxed , offering a smile and saying that he had no immediate plans to return to coaching. Brown met with reporters in a formal setting for the first time since the Knicks dismissed him last June. His new title , announced Saturday , is executive vice president of the 76ers , who have the worst record ( 9-24 ) in the Eastern Conference. Brown , a Hall of Famer who coached the 76ers for six seasons and took them to the 2001 finals , will be primarily responsible for assisting their front office in personnel decisions.
Derek Jeter , who has a sore back , a sore right shoulder and a strained left hamstring , no longer stands for postgame interviews. Neither are the Yankees. Not after Randy Johnson dominated the Yankees to power the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 4-0 victory and a 2-0 lead in the World Series. Johnson pitched a three-hitter in a dominant performance and forced the Yankees to mutter after numerous at-bats and grouse about close pitches. While Jeter shook his head after some calls by the umpire Mark Hirschbeck , Scott Brosius screamed at Hirschbeck from the dugout and the usually stoical Bernie Williams tossed his batting gloves onto the field in disgust , the Yankees should have been angry at themselves.
It is not easy to find the upside in a 6-3 loss , but Coach Butch Goring of the Islanders tried hard to accentuate the positives after his team was beaten tonight by the Florida Panthers. His overview of tonight ' s game before 14 , 342 at the National Car Rental Center was simple: the young Islanders , missing the experienced defensemen Rich Pilon and Jamie Heward with injuries , were overwhelmed early , had several bad shift changes and played sloppily at their end of the ice. But defenseman Kenny Jonsson said that the way the Islanders lost tonight showed " a lack of respect for the game. "
A jury here has assessed punitive damages of more than $760 million against five oil and chemical companies for injuries suffered by workers building the Stealth fighter at the Lockheed Corporation , lawyers involved in the case said today. The decision by the Los Angeles County Superior Court jury followed a finding that the companies had not provided adequate warning about the toxic effects of chemicals like solvents that were used in the manufacture of the radar-evading aircraft in the 1960 ' s , 1970 ' s and 1980 ' s. 4 million in compensatory damages against the companies , levied punitive damages of $252.
They slapped hands , smiled and exhaled , accepting their gold medals as incentives for the real thing next summer in Greece. 5 winning percentage at Kansas and new job at North Carolina make him one of the most visible college basketball coaches in the country , was under the radar the last three weeks as an assistant to Coach Larry Brown. As Brown returns to the Detroit area to prepare for his new job with the Pistons , Williams returns to work in Chapel Hill , where he has only just begun. On April 14 , one week after coaching Kansas in the national championship game and losing to Syracuse , Williams ended the speculation and his 15-year tenure at Kansas.