The economy regained momentum at the end of 2006 , pulling out of a midyear slowdown as gas prices fell and Americans reached into their wallets with renewed confidence. The government said yesterday that its broadest and best-known measure of economic growth , the gross domestic product , advanced at an annual rate of 3. 5 percent from October through December. That was noticeably stronger than the 2 percent rate of growth during the third quarter and the 2. 6 percent measured in the second quarter. Spending by consumers -- on things like food and visits to the doctor -- gave the economy the biggest lift. Spending by the federal government , particularly on the military , also added a
Al Leiter is ready. And so , apparently , are the Mets. In his final start before the regular season begins , Leiter tossed five scoreless innings here in the Mets ' 4-0 victory over the Baltimore Orioles. After starting the spring with a 1-5 mark , the Mets are 17-6-1 in their last 24 exhibition games for an overall record of 18-11-1 with one contest remaining , Sunday afternoon at Camden Yards in Baltimore. I thought this was a very successful spring training so far , Manager Bobby Valentine said. And not just for the starting pitchers , who were exceptional in
IT may appear to many investors that the sharp rebound in Brazilian stocks and bonds has passed them by. The stock market , in local terms , is up 71 percent this year and is almost back to its last peak in March 1998. Prices in the bond market have jumped , as the yields , which move in the opposite direction , have plunged. The yield on Brazil ' s benchmark long-term bond maturing in 2027 is down to 12. 6 percent , from 16. 9 percent just two months ago. Analysts and money managers , though , say there is still much more to
Carin Koch of Sweden shot a four-under 68 yesterday to take a one-stroke lead over Laura Davies of England after the second round of the YourLife Vitamins L. P. G. A. Classic in Orlando , Fla. Koch , seeking her first L. P. G. A. Tour title , had a seven-under 137 total. Davies shot a 72. Mi Hyun Kim had the day ' s low round of 67 to join her fellow South Korean Se Ri Pak ( 68 ) and two others at 139. Twelve more players finished within five strokes of the lead in the first tournament of 2001. Absent from that
As traditional airlines obsess over the threat posed by low-cost carriers like Southwest Airlines and JetBlue , the chief executive of Northwest Airlines , Richard H. Anderson , has ruled out starting one. In a rebuttal of Northwest ' s closest rivals , Mr. Anderson on Wednesday warned that major airlines would cannibalize their existing businesses if they fly discount carriers on similar routes. Though they may pick up customers at cheaper fares , it will be at the peril of business on the mainline air carrier , he said. Mr. Anderson said he would focus instead on lowering the price of tickets at Northwest , the nation ' s fourth-largest airline , by cutting labor and infrastructure costs. " We believe that we need low costs across our networks and Northwest has no intention of and has never had at one time or another contemplated or
The United States Ski Team yesterday announced the 14-member freestyle team expected to compete at the Salt Lake City Olympic Games next month , a group with five former Olympians , including the defending gold medalists Jonny Moseley in the moguls and Eric Bergoust in aerials. Also named to the team was the top American female aerialist , Emily Cook , who dislocated her left ankle and foot during training for a World Cup event last week at Lake Placid , N. Y. Team officials declined to offer a prognosis for Cook over the next few weeks and would not estimate how much the injury would impair her training. They said they were waiting for Cook to be examined
Q: Teenagers are behaving better these days -- less drugs and crime , fewer pregnancies. But many parents are panicked about school violence. Is their fear appropriate or helpful ? One of the most frequent things going on today , particularly because of Littleton , is that 10 parents show up at the principal ' s office demanding that a student be suspended because he made a threat to hurt someone. That is a waste of everyone ' s time. There may be 40 other characteristics of the situation that would indicate the student has no intention whatsoever of acting out violently. Of course threats are scary. But the ratio of threats to violence is so low
America East TEAMS TO WATCH: Drexel , Hofstra , Maine. PLAYERS TO WATCH: Norman Richardson , G , Hofstra; Roberto Gittens , F , Hofstra; Joe Linderman , C , Drexel. COMMENTS: Life after Speedy Claxton , the Hofstra star who now belongs to the 76ers , begins with what should be fierce competition among the top five teams. Drexel gets the edge because it has a legitimate front court with the 6-foot-7-inch forward Mike Kouser ( 15. 9 points , 9. 2 rebounds ) and the 6-9 Linderman ( 17. 2 points , 7. 6 rebounds in ' 98-99 ) , who sat out all but two
They are young , smart and bitter. They are the victims of the recent wave of layoffs in the high-technology industry , and many of them cannot believe how clumsy their former employers were in delivering the bad news. Patrick Mannion learned his fate on Dec. 20 when he returned with his wife from a two-week honeymoon in Hawaii to their home in Montclair , N. J. The pink slip telling him his job was eliminated days earlier was waiting for him in a FedEx envelope sent by Organic Inc. , an Internet consultant in San Francisco. " For someone who had been with the company for two and a half years , getting a notice just five days before Christmas after having just spent several thousand dollars of my own money was a bittersweet experience , " said Mr. Mannion , a creative director for Organic , one of 270 of over 1
A love affair isn ' t supposed to begin with a thud , but it did for 5-year-old Jennifer Grandenetti when she fell off the first horse she got on , a gigantic Clydesdale. Her arm broke , but not her heart , and when she turned 16 , she rode her bike from her home in Queens to nearby Aqueduct racetrack. There , she stood for hours outside the stable gate waiting for someone to offer her a job working with racehorses. Finally , somebody did. She walked them , groomed them and eventually galloped them. She dropped out of high school and changed her name to Jennifer Leigh , partly to irritate her understandably worried folks who saw college , rather than the racetrack , as the path to a real career. Broken bones ? The arm six times ,
Edgar Alfonzo spoke about the 44-year absence of professional baseball in Brooklyn and then spoke with reverence about managing the team that will end that drought , the Mets ' Class A Brooklyn Cyclones. Alfonzo , the older brother of the Mets ' talented second baseman , Edgardo Alfonzo , was named manager of the New York-Penn League team yesterday. " I ' m happy and I ' m excited , " Alfonzo said. " I ' m looking forward to managing the Brooklyn team. It ' s a great chance to be a manager. After 44 years with no baseball in Brooklyn , it ' s something that ' s exciting to me. " The 33-year-old Alfonzo , who is six years older than
Following are excerpts from a news conference today on the Middle East by Secretary of State Colin L. Powell , as recorded by Federal News Service Inc. The full text is available at nytimes. com. OPENING STATEMENT Last night... I also had the opportunity to talk to Prime Minister Sharon , who... advised me that whatever actions they might decide to take , it would not include bringing any harm to Chairman Arafat or killing him , and subsequent statements by Israeli officials suggest that it is not their intention either to capture him.... Prime Minister Sharon in recent weeks showed a great deal of flexibility with
THREE weeks ago , the burning issue in Quentin Richardson ' s basketball life was how he could help the Knicks win some games. A week ago , the pressing issue in Tony ' s Dungy ' s football life was whether his Indianapolis Colts would remain undefeated. But in the split second of a phone call bearing tragic news , a player ' s life and a coach ' s world were turned inside out. Earlier this month , during a West Coast swing , Richardson learned that his brother Lee had been shot to death on the South Side of Chicago. On Thursday , Dungy ,
FASTER THAN THE SPEED OF LIGHT The Story of a Scientific Speculation. By Jo-o Magueijo. Illustrated. 279 pp. Cambridge , Mass. : Perseus Publishing. $26. ONE of the curiosities of life on earth is the obsession to lay down grids of rigid constraints -- the rules of chess or baseball , the form of a sonnet , or the Internal Revenue Service code -- and then try to stretch them to the limit. Those who excel at pushing the envelope -- chess masters , Olympic athletes , Washington tax lawyers , everyone it seems but contemporary poets -- are generously rewarded
SEPTEMBER is usually a slow month for tourism in Florida. But this year , after three deadly hurricanes have hammered the state , and with another threatening , tourists are really scarce. " It ' s definitely quiet , " said Amy Culver-Aversa , the owner of Mangoes Restaurant and Catering on Duval Street in Key West. " The trolleys and trams have very few people on them. There are lots of empty tables. It ' s never like this. " Ms. Culver-Aversa and others in Florida ' s $51 billion tourist business -- the state ' s leading industry -- had been expecting a banner year as the state recovered from a sharp decline in travel in the seasons
Iraq carried out its threat to expel American weapons inspectors today , rebuffing every diplomatic attempt to resolve the impasse and propelling the Clinton Administration closer to a military response. President Clinton denounced Iraq ' s action , but he stopped short once again of ordering military retaliation despite repeated warnings to Iraq not to defy the United Nations. In fact , after days of rumblings , the Administration played down the possibility of an immediate response. At the United Nations , in a resolution passed late tonight , the Security Council condemned the expulsion " in the strongest terms " and warned Iraq of unspecified " serious consequences " if it failed to reverse its decision immediately. The expulsion of the Americans , which Saddam Hussein put into force within a day of a unanimous Security Council vote aimed at
Prime Minister Tony Blair acknowledged today that his government was facing a tough time at home and abroad but asserted that he still thought Britain was right to go to war in Iraq and insisted he would forge ahead with an ambitious domestic agenda. " It ' s been a tough time for obvious reasons , but I do not believe we should change our course because I believe in it , " he said at a Downing Street news conference. He turned aside questions about whether he gave any thought to stepping aside. " I carry on doing the job because
You have a storied brand name recognized around the globe and you once reigned supreme in your business. But times have changed and now stock analysts and investors are concerned that you may not be able to regain your lost luster. No , you ' re not General Motors in the 1970 ' s , International Business Machines in the late 80 ' s or even McDonald ' s. You ' re J. P. Morgan , and the clock is ticking. Morgan , perhaps the most famous name in American banking , is at a crossroads. Although it has made strides , shifting from a stodgy commercial bank to an investment bank
Since it bought YouTube last October , Google has been chasing deals that would give it the right to put mainstream video programming on the site. Just a few weeks ago , Google ' s chief executive , Eric E. Schmidt , seemed confident that this courtship of old-line media companies would prove fruitful. " These things take time , " Mr. Schmidt said in an interview. " There is lots and lots of talking and we have not hit any walls. " Now Google has hit a wall. Viacom , the parent company of MTV , Nickelodeon and Comedy Central , filed a wide-ranging lawsuit against Google on Tuesday , accusing
A German publisher has started a glossy magazine on a topic intimately familiar to many Americans: divorce. RosenKrieg , or " war of the roses , " made its debut last week in Germany , featuring cover lines like " My House , My Car , My Insurance , " " Divorce Boom: Why ? " and " Ask Mom: Some Not-Always-Serious Tips for Singles. " Mike H. Neumann , the magazine ' s editor , said the title was suggested by his business partner ' s 21-year-old son , who had seen the 1989 movie " The War of the Roses " that starred
Alex Woodley , who coached and mentored many Olympic gold-medal sprinters in the 1960 ' s and 1970 ' s as head of the Philadelphia Pioneer Club , died on Saturday at his home in Philadelphia. He was 71. The cause was a heart attack , his wife , Jean , said. Woodley ' s athletes who won Olympic gold medals included Paul Drayton , Steve Riddick , Charlie Greene , Mel Pender , Herman Frazier and Hasely Crawford. Other leading athletes from the club included John Carlos , Ivory Crockett , Curtis Mills , Edwin Roberts , Tom McLean and Benn Fields. In an era when meet directors often gave modest appearance fees ,
Remember when dynasties ruled the National Football League ? And the National Football Conference dominated its counterpart , causing league executives , players and the sports media to wonder when the American Conference would ever win another Super Bowl ? Those days are long gone. In fact , they may never happen again. From 1985 to 1997 , the N. F. C. won 13 consecutive Super Bowls , humiliating the A. F. C. and causing football to wonder what needed to be done to end the streak and make the Super Bowl more competitive. Well something did happen. Free agency among players
Brown 2002 RECORD -- 2-8 ( 2-5 Ivy League ) KEY PLAYERS -- QB Kyle Slager , LB Andrew Gallagher , RB Brent Grinna OUTLOOK -- There is reason for optimism this year. The Bears return Slager , who may be due for another record breaking season , but they lost 16 starters. The schedule is tough after an opening game against Albany , with consecutive games against Harvard , Rhode Island and Fordham. Before last season , the Bears had won more games over the last five years than any other Ivy League team. But finishing. 500 this year may be a stretch. Columbia 2002 RECORD -- 1-9 ( 0-7 Ivy League ) KEY PLAYERS -- P Nick Rudd , LB Chris Carey , QB Steve Hunsberger OUTLOOK -- Columbia lost its final nine games
Imagine your 15-year-old son going out to play with his pals on a Saturday night , getting into a shoving match but still coming home with a colossal smile on his face. Welcome to the world of Freddy Adu. The commotion that accompanied the first few months of Adu ' s career with D. C. United and Major League Soccer has subsided , a bit. On Saturday night at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford , N. J. , before the fourth-largest crowd for a MetroStars game in club history , Adu scored the only goal in United ' s victory. It was his fifth goal of the
President Bush has reneged on his promises to Katrina ' s victims. Shamefully , the president has chosen the interests of bureaucracy over those of American towns on the brink of failure. Over a year and a half later , there are 64 , 000 people still sleeping in trailers in Louisiana and far too many communities without schools , hospitals and other basics. These are unacceptable failures. At least part of the problem is a law that requires states to contribute 10 percent of the cost of most federally financed reconstruction projects. Mr. Bush waived that requirement after the Sept. 11 attacks ( as his father did after Hurricanes Andrew and Iniki ) but he refuses to
Hundreds of American-led forces are hunting for Al Qaeda holdouts in Afghanistan , although two senior Afghan commanders whose troops also joined six raids in the past three weeks said today that only two suspects had been detained and none killed so far. As hundreds more coalition troops have been sent into the rolling hills and craggy mountains of eastern Afghanistan , an Afghan intelligence official said Osama bin Laden himself had been spotted twice in recent weeks just over the border in the tribal areas of Pakistan. In Washington , Secretary of Defense Donald H. Rumsfeld discounted such reports. " I do not know , in direct answer to your question , of any intelligence that I would personally say is actionable with respect to very senior people at the moment , " he said. Indeed , intelligence seems
The Women ' s World Cup is not as venerated or historic as its male counterpart , which was played for the 16th time last year. But in its third edition , the women ' s tournament has an advantage that ESPN and ABC can relish: the United States team is arguably the world ' s best and is a favorite to win. There are no tales of the United States women ' s team struggling to meet the talent levels of the Brazilian , Argentine , German or Italian teams. For the women ' s team , most of the rest of the world
THE new-issues market , which earlier this year resembled a scene out of the Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis auction , with overenthusiastic buyers bidding prices up to astonishing heights , now looks more like a rummage sale. Some investors are turning up their noses and shopping elsewhere , while others , sharp-eyed , are rooting around for bargains. But the deal seekers have to work hard: the tables are sagging with merchandise. Some 851 companies have gone public this year , through Dec. 18 , according to Securities Data Company , and that record-breaking number excludes closed-end mutual funds and real estate investment trusts. Over
The United States economy is finally getting stronger , but there seems to be one unsettling weakness: the apparent wholesale flight of technology jobs like computer programming and technical support to lower-cost nations , led by India. The trend is typically described in ungainly terms -- as " offshore outsourcing " or " offshoring. " But that rhetorical hurdle has done nothing to lessen the recent public debate and expressions of angst over this kind of job migration. There are some early signs of political reaction. Last month , for example , the State of Indiana pulled out of a $15 million contract
Eddie George was a senior tailback at Fork Union Military Academy in Virginia when it was time for star players to choose their colleges. To continue their track toward greatness. George was not great , but he was good. Problem was , not one college was convinced. Some of them were not sure if he could make the grade both on the field and in the classroom. So , George became his own agent. " I got one of those books that list all of the colleges , " he said today , " and I started calling every one. Places like Wyoming and Colorado. Georgia Tech had just
NORMALLY , Disney World is the triumphant final destination for the winning Super Bowl quarterback. But here the Jets are , beginning the season at the rainbow ' s end. Is this some kind of omen ? Gary Blake , who moved here from Newburgh , N. Y. , in 1991 , considered the question , rubbed a hand against his green Jets jersey then shook his head. Negative: " They ' re going to win some games. They won ' t be in the playoffs , but they won ' t be an embarrassment. " Depending on who you ask , the Jets ' undefeated preseason means
BASEBALL American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Announced a two-year affiliation agreement with Ottawa of the IL. CHICAGO WHITE SOX--Announced the resignation of Ron Schueler , senior vice president/special consultant to the chairman. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Placed C Jason LaRue on the 15-day disabled list. Announced a two-year player development contract with Potomac of the Carolina League. Announced they did not renew the contracts of Brian Conley , hitting coach for Dayton of the Midwest League; Ted Power , pitching coach for Dayton; Derek Botelho , pitching coach for Chattanooga of the Southern League; Luis Quinones , hitting coach for the Gulf Coast Reds; and , Pat Brester , minor league strength and conditioning
Since it was formed in 1988 , The Onion , the satirical weekly newspaper based in Madison , Wis. , has reveled in its contempt for the Coasts , spoofing middle America while avoiding covering trendy Coast-driven culture. That celebration is over. This month , The Onion moved its editorial headquarters to Manhattan , with plans to publish its free weekly newspaper in New York , starting in July. The staff also plans to open a San Francisco office this summer with publication to begin next year. The company is continuing an expansion that over the last few years has included book contracts , merchandising deals , a syndicated radio show and sales of
A conciliatory Dave Checketts acknowledged yesterday that he had met with Phil Jackson nearly six weeks ago , after denying on Sunday that he had met with the former Bulls coach for exploratory talks about potentially coming to the Knicks. Checketts , the Madison Square Garden president , also said that he talked with the Knicks ' coach , Jeff Van Gundy , earlier in the day and apologized to him for making misleading statements about meeting with Jackson. Speaking at a news conference before Game 4 of the Eastern Conference semifinal at the Garden last night , Checketts appeared contrite and remorseful about the incident. " I did meet with him , " Checketts said. " I regret that I lied about that , that I misled the
WEEKENDS are the cruelest time in Hollywood. Every Friday night , only hours after a new film has opened across the country , the faxes pile up in the offices of nervous studio executives and producers detailing the box-office grosses of the movie. " By Friday at 11 P. M. we have a pretty good idea of how a film is going to do for that weekend , " said Jeff Blake , president of Sony Pictures Releasing. " You celebrate or you retrench. " Judgments are set by Sunday. A studio film , opening nationally , that takes in at least $10 million at the box office is considered
After years of political unrest , including an abortive coup in 2002 , last year Venezuelans agreed to resolve their differences through peaceful electoral means. As they struggle over whether there is to be a recall vote , President Hugo Chávez and the opposition parties need to abide by their commitment to democracy. Venezuela ' s Constitution provides for a presidential recall election if it is demanded by 20 percent of the electorate , some 2. 4 million voters. Late last year , Chávez opponents submitted petitions with 3. 4 million signatures. Last week , Venezuela ' s electoral council ruled
The chairman of a Senate panel investigating Enron warned White House officials today that they might face subpoenas for information on their contacts with Enron executives unless the administration demonstrated it was moving toward compliance with earlier informal requests. Senator Joseph I. Lieberman , the Connecticut Democrat who heads the Committee on Governmental Affairs , told the White House counsel Alberto R. Gonzales that administration officials appeared to have taken " few , if any , concrete steps " to respond to questions posed by the panel in March about contacts White House officials had with Enron. He asked that Mr. Gonzales respond in detail by Tuesday about the steps taken to answer the requests. Mr. Lieberman , who made the comments in a letter to Mr. Gonzales today , has been pressing the White House
Dear shareholder , It was a trying year by any stretch. Our quality control specialists found defects in more of the computer chips streaming off our factory lines. Customers continued to flee. And more employees than we would have liked accepted early retirement. On a final note , our chief executive entered a drug-and-alcohol treatment program , which has put some important initiatives on hold. Yours truly , Management If a company were having such woes , surely investors would want to know. Yet , they now have almost no chance of finding such juicy revelations in a company ' s annual report. Accounting rule makers say that should change. The rule makers , members of
BASED on all the hoo-ha , one may think that the shocks from California ' s power crisis will soon loose the state from the North American land mass. The stock market is telling a different story. Since Dec. 21 , when it hit a six-month low , the Bloomberg California Index , comprising 594 companies based in the Golden State , is up nearly 14 percent. Power failures are clearly annoying. But the state , which is the world ' s sixth-largest economy , has faced much bigger challenges. It is not nice to have the lights go out in the office , but most public California
Bretton Barber , a high school junior in Dearborn Heights , Mich. , who is deeply interested in civil liberties , knew what to do when he was sent home from school on Feb. 17 for wearing a T-shirt with a picture of President Bush and the words " International Terrorist. " First , he called the American Civil Liberties Union. But it being Washington ' s Birthday , no one answered. Next he went on the Internet to re-read a Supreme Court case from 1969 , Tinker v. Des Moines , that supported students ' freedom of expression. Then he called
IT is a tiny company that has toiled for 14 years on the technological frontier of electric vehicles , but it has yet to turn a profit. That sketch alone may be enough to chase away most investors from this enterprise. But some may want to hear more when they learn that it has recently hooked a partner who surely knows a thing or two about transportation: Lee A. Iacocca. The company , Unique Mobility Inc. of Golden , Colo. , is intriguing in other ways. Competitors praise the quality of its electric motors. It has forged links with large foreign outfits. Most important , the company has adopted a practical strategy: Instead of focusing on electric cars ,
LIKE any number of disenchanted , deskbound New Yorkers , Dan Bollinger dreamed of quitting his job and starting his own business. Mr. Bollinger , 33 , an accountant at an interior design firm , had an idea -- turning his hobby of making all-natural soaps into a full-time enterprise -- but he lacked money to get the business off the ground and out of his kitchen. He did , however , have lots of soap -- bars and bars of the stuff , curing in the nooks and crannies of his Brooklyn brownstone. One afternoon , Mr. Bollinger logged onto an online classifieds site , and offered to trade a few
The way baseball people see it , the Arizona Diamondbacks last week exercised Phase I of their acquisition of Bernie Williams. Phase II will come at the end of the coming season , when they actually sign him as a free agent. " There clearly is a lot of talking about that , " said a baseball official who is in a position to hear the talk. " I don ' t know if it ' s true or not true , but a lot of people have mentioned it. " What stirred people to conspiratorial conversation was the Diamondbacks ' signing of Andy Benes , a free-agent pitcher , who with his agent was in a bit of a bind. Benes ' s agent is Scott Boras , who also represents Williams. The Diamondbacks
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew was a 5-foot-3-inch coal miner ' s son who got laid off from a vitamin factory , then joined the Army. For a time , he loved it. On Sunday , Sergeant Bucklew was on his way home from Iraq after a death in the family. Then , in a flash , he was gone , too. Sergeant Bucklew was one of the 16 soldiers killed when a missile tore a troop transport helicopter out of the sky. He was 33 years old , a father of two , a supply clerk for the Third Armored Cavalry based here and headed home for the funeral of his mother , who died suddenly on Friday. The news was almost too much to bear for a
IT is fair to say that technology investors have high expectations about the future growth of companies in their portfolios. But I bet that those companies have almost no chance of meeting those optimistic expectations. Why am I so downbeat ? It all comes down to the issue of whether huge growth rates can be sustained. Consider a star of the new economy , Cisco Systems. Sure , its gear is essential to the growth of the Internet. But it is unlikely that Cisco will perform well enough over the next five years to satisfy the earnings expectations that I believe are implied by
The messy world of the dysfunctional Mets got stickier yesterday with Rey Sanchez denying that he had plopped down in the clubhouse during a lopsided game last week to get a little off the top and a little off the sides. It never happened , Sanchez said about the haircut , repeating his denial at least five times in a four-minute interview before the Mets-Dodgers game at Shea Stadium last night. No matter. Manager Art Howe held a team meeting to address the subject minutes later , then told reporters the situation had been handled internally. General Manager Steve Phillips read from the same short and
She was spotted a few weeks ago at the Four Seasons , perched on a plush banquette at power-lunch time. She was among the glittering crowd at the Manhattan premiere of " Fahrenheit 9/11 " on June 14. And at the party held by Calvin Klein last weekend to unveil his new summer place in Southampton , she appeared in a sunshine-yellow ensemble , smiling for the cameras alongside the host and Barbara Walters. Martha Stewart is everywhere , it seems. At what might seem to be the worst of times for her -- the rapidly disappearing interlude between her March 5 conviction on federal criminal charges and her sentencing tomorrow -- she is looking more like a carefree socialite than
Last season , the Atlantic was not a division of the N. B. A. ; it was the National Basketball Development League. This season , the Atlantic is not a division , it is a subtraction. Jokes actually seem appropriate for the division , realigned into five teams all with losing records -- and little separating the bad from the worst. ( The Atlantic ? " The ship be sinking , " to dredge up an old refrain used by N. B. A. players. ) Boston ' s Paul Pierce called the division the " worst ever " last week , which
During much of 2001 , before Major League Baseball announced and then backed off from eliminating two teams , one option was to buy out the Anaheim Angels and replace or merge them with the Oakland Athletics , according to informal notes and memos by high-level baseball officials. " That one was floated out there , but it was one of dozens and dozens of scenarios , " Bob DuPuy , the president of Major League Baseball , said. " We were trying to be very , very thorough and looked at every possible contraction , realignment and relocation scenario. " If
He can no longer float in the air and mesmerize fans and opponents the way he did for so many years , but Michael Jordan proved last night that he could still demoralize a Madison Square Garden crowd. With the clock racing toward zero and the game tied at 83-83 , Jordan drove right against Latrell Sprewell. When he pulled up for his shot , Sprewell stayed down , thinking that one of Jordan ' s head fakes was to follow. But Jordan , slower than he used to be and slower than Sprewell , was still a step ahead of the competition. There was no head fake , just a graceful lift and a quick release. Allan Houston came over and leaped as Jordan let go , but he was no distraction. Jordan
The 2003 season of the Women ' s National Basketball Association was expected to be the most competitive of the league ' s seven seasons. It was going to be the year free agency , dispersal drafts and salary caps transformed the league and the women ' s game. This was the year the W. N. B. A. would try to show that even though two of its teams folded after last season and two others relocated , it could make it on its own , without the finances and oversight of the National Basketball Association. In many ways , the season exceeded expectations. Scoring increased to 68. 1 points a game from 67. 6. Turnovers were at the lowest ever , 28. 6 a game , down from 29.
You may have seen this ad: Win a trip to one of America ' s five biggest sports events , including that auto racing classic. The Daytona 500. Although the ad is a promotion for Gatorade , a major Nascar sponsor , it isn ' t outlandish to suggest that Daytona has eclipsed the Indianapolis 500 as America ' s premier auto race. From thinning crowds to depleted sponsorships to declining TV ratings , the Indy 500 -- the only Indy-car race that can hold its own against Nascar stock-car racing -- is looking sick. Its caretakers are applying some harsh medicine , which
Marine Motion Detectors The harbor seal is one of the marine world ' s cuter creatures , and part of its appeal , no doubt , is that it has the snout of a dog and the long whiskers of a cat. But the harbor seal is more than just a pretty face. Those whiskers perform a valuable function: helping the animal track down meals in murky or dark waters. Seal whiskers have been known to be extremely sensitive to movement , and they are used by the animal to measure openings and objects. Now German scientists studying two harbor seals
What ' s the value of some good spin on Wall Street nowadays ? By yesterday ' s reckoning , about $15 billion. That ' s a conclusion one can draw from looking at trading in the shares of Hewlett-Packard and I. B. M. , two of the biggest technology companies. In heavy trading yesterday , Hewlett-Packard ' s shares fell 14 percent , or $11. 3125 , to close at $70. 3125 -- erasing roughly $12 billion in stock market value. The largest one-day drop for Hewlett-Packard in almost six years came after the company warned analysts late Wednesday that second-quarter results would be far weaker than expected. Management said earnings would be 65 cents a share
Ward Cuff , an All-Pro back for the Giants in the early 1940 ' s and one of the National Football League ' s leading place-kickers of his era , died Dec. 24 in Vallejo , Calif. He was 90. Playing with the Giants from 1937 to 1945 , Cuff teamed up with the Hall of Famers Ken Strong , Mel Hein and Tuffy Leemans. He played on Giants teams that won the N. F. L. championship in 1938 and captured three Eastern Division titles. He played on both offense and defense and held or shared the league ' s single-season field-goal
Another statistic to digest during a sportscast may be the equivalent of downing just another spoonful of castor oil. So much clutter , only so much screen space , especially for profundities like " number of Peyton Manning touchdown passes of 20 yards or more thrown with the moon in Aquarius. " But there are meaningful statistics , like the N. F. L. passer rating , that smush several elements into a figure that signifies the achievement of the most crucial position player. The passer rating was developed 32 years ago , is in the N. F. L. record books and is
The Clark family -- Joetta Clark Diggs , Jearl Miles Clark and Hazel Clark -- will compete Friday night at the 93rd Air Force Millrose Games , launching a track season that could lead to a family sweep of the women ' s 800-meter berths on the United States Olympic team for Sydney , Australia. Diggs , 37 , will be making her 24th and last Millrose appearance. A six-time winner of the Millrose 800 , and a three-time Olympian , Diggs said she would retire after this year. I ' m feeling very strong now as I prepare for my ultimate goal , an Olympic medal , she told
Corporate America is beginning to grumble. Allied Signal Inc. says the latest sanctions against Iran are costing it several million dollars a year in lost sales of aircraft parts. Caterpillar Inc. is circulating a map that spotlights countries where , it says , American sanctions throw up obstacles to the sale of Caterpillar ' s yellow tractors and earth-moving vehicles. Trade sanctions have become ever more difficult to enforce in the world ' s huge and fluid marketplace , but the United States is invoking them with increasing frequency anyway. It is even adding an onerous new twist: punishing foreign companies for breaching American sanctions. Now corporate America , usually unwilling to go against the nation ' s foreign policy , is preparing a rare
Call it courage , or corporate guilt , or some random element that does not yet have a name. The story begins with Gerald M. Levin , the chief executive of AOL Time Warner. When he suddenly announced plans to step down last month , he insisted that the whole move was his idea. " I ' d been planning this for a while , " Mr. Levin , 62 , said at the time. But in the Feb. 4 issue of Fortune , the flagship business magazine in the AOL Time Warner empire , the writer Carol Loomis reports that one company
Peter J. Gomes has been at Harvard University for 37 years , and says he remembers when religious people on campus felt under siege. To be seen as religious often meant being dismissed as not very bright , he said. No longer. At Harvard these days , said Professor Gomes , the university preacher , " There is probably more active religious life now than there has been in 100 years. " Across the country , on secular campuses as varied as Colgate University , the University of Wisconsin and the University of California , Berkeley , chaplains , professors and administrators
I haven ' t slept well for years. If I set an alarm for 6:30 a. m. , my eyes open at 5 , and I try to doze to the radio. I drink four cups of coffee a day. I don ' t think I have ever fallen asleep at the wheel , but I often pull over nodding off. I used to work nights , which first threw my rhythm off. But I liked having days with my daughters and not being a creature of habit , perhaps because my father , who slept nine hours a night ,
Home not-so-sweet home. Another goal for Brian Leetch. Alas , however , another game with only one goal. And in the end , another numbing defeat for the Rangers at Madison Square Garden. After their 3-1 loss to the Carolina Hurricanes last night , the Rangers ( 20-25-7 over all , 11-12-2 at home ) are a game below. 500 at the Garden this season and a season-high five games under. 500 over all. Home-ice advantage ? " It ' s been no advantage wherever we ' ve been , " said Leetch , the Rangers ' captain. Last night ' s defeat , coupled with Washington ' s victory over the
After witnessing the quick acceleration , the drafting technique and the three-wide passes during a two-hour sprint last year from Darlington , S. C. , to Charlotte , N. C. , a fellow motorsports writer offered me the ultimate compliment. She called me a racer. Sadly , North Carolina ' s state troopers have made a similar discovery. I recently spent four hours at a defensive driving class after receiving a ticket -- on my way to a Nascar race , no less. So last Sunday , when I climbed into the driver ' s seat of a Nextel Cup-style stock car as part of the Richard Petty Driving Experience ,
CALL me hubristic , call me crazy , call me Woodrow Wilson -- but , reluctantly , I may have to go to war to put an end to all vacuous management books by writing a lethally stupid one of my own. Slogans and gimmicks ? Banal metaphors ? Endless subtitles ? No problem. How about one of these for 1998: * " In Search of Everything: How Each Moment on Earth -- Not to Mention Each Iota of Matter -- Is a Management Metaphor " ( Chapter 1 , " The Five Business Principles in a Piece of Dust " ). * " Leadership Secrets of the Passive-Aggressive " ( Chapter 3 , " How ' Innocent
THE choice was reaching people or saving lives. Julie Foudy decided there is too big a world out there to confine herself to a single residency. She junked medical school , choosing the life of an explorer over one as a healer. With the Stanford Medical School administrators calling again to ask whether she ' d ever show up , Foudy finally admitted the answer was no. She had interviewed several doctors , including the Olympic softball star , Dr. Dot Richardson. They all spoke of medicine as a calling , not as a career. Mark Adams , the traveling physician for the United States women ' s soccer team said: " Foudy , let me put it to
Four years later , figure skating again is sending out an orthopedic distress signal. But this one is coming from Michelle Kwan ' s toe instead of Nancy Kerrigan ' s knee. A healthy , confident Kwan is the greatest women ' s figure skater in the world. She possesses a singular blend of artistry , grace and athleticism , along with an inner strength forged from winning a world title at 15 , losing herself at 16 in a fit of panic and self-doubt and regaining her top form at 17. She also possesses a rare teen-age introspection that makes her doubly compelling. She is as willing to bare
Talk about tough jobs. For AT&amp;T ' s chairman , C. Michael Armstrong , reducing AT&amp;T ' s debt could prove as complex as explaining the company ' s plans to separate itself into four parts. Although AT&amp;T has said it wants to reduce its $62 billion debt , in part by selling nonstrategic assets , a review of its options makes it clear that completing such sales will not be easy. For in its efforts to sell assets , AT&amp;T is bound in many ways by cable -- a series of entangling investments that have resulted from Mr. Armstrong ' s foray into cable TV
BASEBALL American League CLEVELAND INDIANS--Signed LHP Reid Santos. TEXAS RANGERS--Recalled RHP Reynaldo Garcia from Oklahoma of the PCL. Assigned RHP Alan Benes to Oklahoma. Announced INF Jeff Pickler and OF Paul Ottavinia have cleared waivers; and , sent Pickler outright to Oklahoma and Ottavinia outright to Frisco of the Texas League. National League CINCINNATI REDS--Placed INF Ryan Freel on the 15-day disabled list , retroactive to May 28. LOS ANGELES DODGERS--Purchased the contract of OF Bubba Crosby from Las Vegas of the PCL. Optioned LHP Steve Colyer to Las Vegas. SAN DIEGO PADRES--Claimed RHP Scott Linebrink off waivers from Houston. Sent LHP Randy Keisler outright to Portland of the
Brazil wound up its first bond issue yesterday since the devaluation of its currency in January , swapping $1 billion in new five-year notes for existing Brazilian Brady bonds. With the exchange , the total of the new bond issue reached $3 billion , three times the amount originally planned. The first $2 billion was in new five-year notes that were priced last week at 6. 75 percentage points above the yield of the current five-year United States Treasury note. Since then the price of those notes has fallen slightly , traders said. The price at the offering was 99. 07 and in late trading in the corporate bond market yesterday
Many sports fans may be aware that Deion Sanders is the only man to play in both a World Series , batting. 533 for Atlanta in 1992 , and in a Super Bowl , starring for San Francisco in 1995 and for Dallas in 1996. What may be less known is that at Florida State , he was a sprinter who qualified for the Olympic trials in 1988 , and at North Fort Myers ( Fla. ) High School he was an all-state basketball player , averaging 24 points a game. As if that were not enough , Sanders is also the self-proclaimed checkers champion of his current team , the Washington Redskins. " But I lose once in a while ,
IT was an unfortunate sign of the times. The Walt Disney Company discovered -- by way of the Internet , naturally -- that some long-forgotten animator had managed to sneak a couple of frames of a woman ' s bare breasts into its 1977 animated film , " The Rescuers , " so it immediately recalled 3. 4 million newly released copies of the video. " The reason for the recall is to keep our promise to families that they can trust and rely on the Disney brand , " a company spokeswoman said. Understand that the offending images cannot be seen when the videotape is played normally. One has to search frame by frame through the
Brian Billick turned to a child who was acting as a reporter for Nickelodeon during a news conference and asked the question that most of the reporters who have been excoriated by Billick this week would have loved to have answered. " Do you think I ' m arrogant ? " Billick asked the confused boy. The child , Billick reported , answered no. From the moment he touched down in Tampa , Billick has injected a dose of XFL attitude into the National Football League ' s most hallowed game. He arrived Monday with a well-established reputation for brash statements and a personality that chafes at those in the league who prefer
Jim Haslett is acutely aware that his New Orleans Saints have a 7-1 road record , best in the National Football League , while they have won only three of eight games at the Superdome. That is where they will meet the St. Louis Rams on Saturday in a National Football Conference first-round playoff game. " We ' ve thought about busing them to the airport and flying around the city a couple times and landing , " Haslett said with an impish smile. Short of doing that , Haslett hopes he has at least devised a way to slow down Rams running back Marshall Faulk , who was named the league ' s most valuable
Patricia Arias came to New York from Colombia 19 years ago , but she speaks English only to the children she teaches at a church agency. Her husband , Jorge Ignacio , does so only when he talks to customers at the parking garage in Lower Manhattan where he works. In their Queens neighborhood , Jackson Heights , they shop only at the many stores where the proprietors speak Spanish. They watch Spanish newscasts on Univision and Spanish soap operas on Telemundo. " I don ' t have any American friends , " said Mrs. Arias , 33. The Ariases ' almost
WAVE SYSTEMS has never had a profitable quarter. Ever. In nearly 20 years. " We ' re pursuing an opportunity , we have been for a long time , it ' s much closer and we can actually now see the light at the end of the tunnel , " Steven K. Sprague , the company ' s chief executive , told shareholders at its annual meeting last summer at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Midtown Manhattan. " It probably fills the tunnel , actually , pretty strongly. " That flickering light has been enough to attract one of the most devoted bands of investors
Martha Stewart appeared at her company ' s annual shareholder meeting yesterday , addressing the faithful for the first time since becoming a convicted felon in March. Despite a bleak year that even she described as " fraught with sorrow , " the encounter seemed to be pro-Martha. There were friendly questions from the floor. There was only the barest frisson of criticism , and even then it was aimed not at her but at the board. And Ms. Stewart , wearing a beige pantsuit with an orange blouse and matching orange slides , thanked various people in her orbit for their support and hard work , after first saying that
It falls this afternoon at 3:30. Normally , these things take place just after dawn , but there ' s a service at a nearby church this morning , and , well , this is best done when the fewest people are around. Such is demolition. The stated reason is safety. When the 24-story building at 500 Wood Street downtown is dynamited into oblivion this afternoon , the fewer people in the vicinity , the less likely anyone is to get hurt. Excluding the city ' s collective psyche , that is. Granted , the building is being destroyed for an uplifting civic purpose. In its place will come a department store , from the aptly named Lazarus chain. Such commercial ventures -- especially ones like this that are heavily financed by the city itself -- are extremely rare for aging downtowns in the Rust Belt , and Pittsburgh would love
Penn State 42 Michigan State 23 Rashard Casey threw 3 touchdown passes and ran for 2 scores as Penn State beat Michigan State , 42-23 , yesterday as everything finally went right for the host Nittany Lions. Penn State Coach Joe Paterno recorded his 322nd career victory in the Lions ' season-ending game to move within one of the major college record held by the former Alabama coach Bear Bryant. Proof of Penn State ' s good fortune came in the first quarter when Kenny Watson caught a deflected pass and ran 40 yards into the end zone. Casey ' s pass was meant for Eddie Drummond but went off Drummond ' s fingers ,
WHEN someone makes a big profit on Wall Street , traders like to say , " Don ' t confuse brains with a bull market. " And when a corporate climber in most any field hits a home run , business friends are apt to attribute it to being in the right place at the right time. But for Lisa Henderson , 37 , founder of LevelEdge. com , an Internet service that matches young athletes with colleges and scholarships , it took nearly 20 years for her own lucky break on the high school playing fields to germinate into a hot business proposition. That business -- solidly financed and widely praised , though still unproven -- demonstrates how well some entrepreneurs
Jim Thorpe and Bob Gilder turned the Long Island Classic into a match-play affair that was decided on the last hole this afternoon. That is where Gilder missed a 6-foot putt for birdie and Thorpe two-putted from 44 feet to capture the Champions Tour event. One day after shooting a 10-under-par 60 that tied the Champions Tour record , Thorpe shot a 67 today for a three-round total of 195 , 15 under par , at the Red Course of Eisenhower Park. The course , a creation of Robert Trent Jones , played host to the 1926 P. G. A. Championship when the course was
The Mets finally gave Al Leiter the chance to decide a game himself. Now , Leiter has all winter to relive the ninth inning of Game 5 of the World Series. Leiter left Game 1 with a 3-2 lead only to see closer Armando Benitez blow the save in the ninth inning before the Yankees won in 12 innings. Afterward , Leiter tried to put another lost postseason opportunity in diplomatic terms. The only way a starting pitcher doesn ' t have to rely on others , Leiter said , is to do the job himself. Bobby Valentine gave Leiter that opportunity last night.
FEW retail projects failed as badly as the Bakery Center , a luxury shopping mall that opened 10 years ago at one of Greater Miami ' s busiest commercial crossroads. This year , new owners have demolished it and started anew with a different design and marketing plan. Construction is under way on the Shops at Sunset Place , a 550 , 000-square-foot shopping complex focused as much on entertainment as shopping. The Simon DeBartolo Group , one of the nation ' s largest shopping mall developers , is gambling that concept , rather than location , was the Bakery Center ' s major shortcoming. Unlike the old mall , an anchorless , five-level labyrinth of boutiques radiating about a huge
For nearly 10 seconds there was silence , followed by a goofy look and a smile. When asked about the prospect of facing Shaquille O ' Neal on Sunday , Kurt Thomas did not know what to say. Finally , he gathered his thoughts and stated the obvious. " He ' s the best player in the league , hands down , " Thomas said. " I ' m giving up almost 100 pounds against him and a couple of inches , so I just go out there and play and not really think about it. " That may be a simplistic way of approaching the matchup , but it worked two weeks ago when the Knicks ( 23-37 ) met
They had paid the consultant from North Carolina $60 , 000 to tell them how they could be like Amsterdam and Hong Kong and Dallas. They had spent millions of dollars acquiring land for the project. Now the officials from the area surrounding Detroit Metro Airport were listening to the consultant in a mansion built by Henry Ford in Dearborn , a few miles from here. On the wall hung a quotation from Ford: " Whatever is desirable and right is never impossible. " But just as this small city ' s mythical namesake took more than a day to build his metropolis , and just as he came to that task in part by the lack of
Will " Zombie College " be as funny now that Scott , the protagonist , has joined the ranks of the living dead ? Harper Langston is just not sure. But he is among 2 , 000 fans to leave an e-mail address at Icebox. com , which shows this animated series , to ensure that they are notified of the next " webisode. " " Everyone here thought it was really funny , " said Mr. Langston , 25 , who recently discovered the show while eating lunch in front of his computer at work. " They should have T-shirts or mugs or something. " Mr. Langston is part of a small but increasing audience tuning in to the Internet for short bursts of entertainment. Web viewers can watch the seven installments of " Zombie College "
LeBron James played all but 23 seconds , the sweat seeping from the ridges of every muscle , his eyes boring a hole in the net. Nothing was going to stop him driving to the basket on this night , especially when his Cleveland teammates struggled to find the hoop. Only the Wizards ' Gilbert Arenas , the uninvited guest , had the talent to spoil James ' s coming-out party that has been the theme of this first-round N. B. A. playoff series. And in a thrilling shot-for-shot duel in the fourth quarter between the two All-Stars , Arenas nearly toppled King James. But Arenas ' s open 3-pointer rolled
Although Tiger Woods won ' t be playing for $1 million this week , he insisted today that his motivation for the Ryder Cup will not be a problem. In the process of winning the American Express Championship last weekend , Woods ignited a controversy by saying he would rather win that event than the Ryder Cup , which begins Friday at the Belfry. Woods also said he could think of " a million reasons " why a victory last weekend was more important , referring to the $1 million first-place check he received for winning in Thomastown , Ireland. Those comments became scathing headline material in various publications , and Woods was accused of being greedy and selfish. It was hardly the quietest way for the world ' s No. 1 player to head into the
Tara Lipinski and Akebono showed up at figure-skating practice today , but only one of them ventured onto the ice. At 6 feet 8 inches , 516 pounds , the grand champion sumo wrestler has not yet perfected his triple axel. " I never skated , " said Akebono , a native of Hawaii whose given name is Chad Rowan. " Too dangerous. " Trailing a CBS camera crew , the sumo champion took in some of the Winter Olympic sites before he is scheduled to perform a purification ritual at Saturday ' s opening ceremony. Sitting in his robe and sandals at the White Ring arena , he posed for pictures and laughed with reporters , even if he wasn ' t quite sure who Lipinski was. " The world champion
A FEW weeks ago , Michael Hejtmanek sat in the tiny conference room of his fledgling company -- the same room he shares with two other companies -- and talked about timing. He shies away from calling his lousy. " There ' s no more funding for two guys and a business plan , " he said quietly. " It ' s just not there , so starting when I did was rocky. It was definitely tough. " What Mr. Hejtmanek did was quit a high-paying job at BackWeb Technologies to create a wireless software company called Enterprise Air. This was
Luis Polonia was in the backseat of a limousine heading from Newark Airport to a hotel in midtown Manhattan yesterday afternoon and trying to figure out the best way to celebrate his third return to the Yankees. It took Polonia about 30 seconds to decide that he would spend last night on 169th Street in the shadows of Yankee Stadium , where several relatives live. Polonia has seven brothers , three sisters , two uncles and a daughter who live within minutes of the Stadium , and the 35-year-old outfielder planned to hang out with them. " This is probably the most exciting thing that has happened in my career , " Polonia said. " I ' ve always wanted to play
TWENTY-FIVE years ago , Elvis Presley left the building. Today , in a manner of speaking , Elvis is the building. Actually , many buildings. What started as the Presley family home in a south Memphis suburb called Whitehaven -- a house set on 14 acres that its previous owner had named Graceland and which the Presleys bought in 1957 -- is the jewel in the crown of what is now a commercial empire. As Graceland prepares to welcome as many as 70 , 000 Elvis fans starting next weekend to commemorate the anniversary of his death on Aug. 16 , 1977 , at the age
All week Bill Parcells had been telling his Dallas Cowboys that the difference between a very good team and an also-ran was assiduous attention to detail. Before the opening kickoff Sunday , the Cowboys ' special-teams coach , Bruce DeHaven , collared Randal Williams to remind him that the Philadelphia Eagles had a penchant for onside kicks. In fact , the Eagles had pulled off the feat on the opening kickoff of the 2000 season opener and went on to pummel the Cowboys. Lo and behold , moments later , the Eagles ' David Akers dribbled a kick toward the left sideline. Williams had paid attention. He knifed between Philadelphia ' s
While the Nets have made their way around the N. B. A. compiling the best record in the Eastern Conference , the Philadelphia 76ers , the defending conference champions , have struggled through injuries and dissension and sit 10 games behind the Nets. But records in February mean little to a team that went to the N. B. A. finals last season. So Allen Iverson made it clear today that the Nets ( 38-18 ) still had to beat the defending conference champions if they want to prove anything worthwhile. " I know they ' ve got the best record , " he said. " I wouldn ' t say they
The chief executive and controlling shareholder of Four Seasons Hotels , Isadore Sharp , made a $3. 7 billion buyout bid for the luxury hotel chain yesterday. The offer by Mr. Sharp , 75 , who bought his first hotel in 1961 and expanded it into a worldwide empire , is backed by Kingdom Hotels International , a holding company of Prince Walid bin Talal of Saudi Arabia , and Cascade Investment , the investment vehicle of Bill Gates. If successful in taking his company private , Mr. Sharp would reap a huge personal windfall. He would be paid $288 million as part of a long-term incentive plan put in place in 1989 , according to a statement from the company. The offer comes amid a wave of management-led leveraged buyouts around the world that
Two weeks before the N. B. A. draft , the Nets are pursuing trades and soliciting offers for their No. 7 pick. But no deal is imminent , Nets President Rod Thorn said yesterday. " We ' ve had conversations with a bunch of different teams regarding things that might be good for us , " Thorn said , addressing a variety of issues on a conference call today. " Teams are imploring us to do things , and right now they ' re just conversations. " While Thorn would neither confirm nor deny discussions about specific players , the Nets
Traditionally , pitchers throwing no-hitters are ignored by teammates , who are driven to the corners of the dugout by superstition. Traditionally. Mets pitcher Mark Clark did not allow a hit for the first seven innings yesterday and never did have a moment to himself. There was too much to discuss , too much to laugh about. Clark , the object of many wisecracks because of his seasonlong hitless streak , walloped his first career homer , and coming off two terrible outings , he carried the no-hitter into the top of the eighth inning. Boston ' s Reggie Jefferson then hit a leadoff pinch-hit single , ending
Before yesterday ' s news conference introducing him as the Jets ' new head coach , Eric Mangini was a mystery to the news media. As a branch on the Parcells-Belichick coaching tree , he was ordered not to speak to the press. " They all come off as the Great Sphinx because they have marching orders about not talking to the media , " Randy Cross of CBS Sports said. Phil Simms , CBS ' s No. 1 analyst , has called plenty of Patriots games during Mangini ' s six years there but has never had verbal contact with him. " I ' ve never
WE cut people like Dr. Allen Keller some slack: let them have their harmless , nutty obsessions. He needs to rush down to the Jersey Shore for a late-night invitational miniature-golf tournament ? Is determined to plant Rugosa roses in the dunes ? Fine. Whatever takes his mind off work. Dr. Keller ' s work is the healing of torture victims. As director of the Bellevue/N. Y. U. Program for Survivors of Torture , he has tended patients from 70 countries who have been gang raped , trampled , burned or forced by machete-wielding soldiers to choose between amputation at the wrist ( " short sleeve ? " ) or elbow ( " long sleeve ? " ). Yet during an extended visit at Bellevue recently with Dr. Keller , who does plant flowers in the
Toyota has not yet passed General Motors to become the world ' s biggest carmaker , but Robert A. Lutz , G. M. ' s vice chairman , says his company has fallen behind its rival in terms of clout on Capitol Hill. Days after Rick Wagoner , G. M. ' s chief executive , said G. M. was not conceding first place to Toyota , Mr. Lutz stressed that G. M. would rather lose several points of market share than heavily discount vehicles as it has in the past. That strategy is almost certain to cost G. M. its position as the No. 1 automaker
When golfers utter the cliché , " Anybody can win this week , " nobody rolls his eyes anymore. Don ' t disrespect Shaun Micheel , who won the P. G. A. Championship on Sunday , or Ben Curtis , who won the British Open last month. You might not recognize them in an airport. You might not recognize them on a golf course. But Micheel and Curtis , the unlikely winners of the last two majors , delivered two of the year ' s most unexpected sports stories. And by winning major championships , they did what Tiger Woods ,
Do you spend more time planning , say , your trip to Tahiti than researching your mutual fund investments ? If so , you are not alone. A recent survey found that people tend to spend 28 days planning their annual vacation but take only nine days to decide which funds to buy. And 70 percent said they needed only one day to research their fund investments. The nationwide telephone survey , commissioned by Montgomery Asset Management and conducted by the Intersearch Corporation from May 21 to June 1 , involved 750 randomly selected mutual fund investors who have at least some
The idea sounds like the latest intrusive wrinkle from a reality program: cut a hole in the hardwood of N. B. A. courts , imbed a tiny camera , then let ESPN viewers imagine they ' re in the league ' s new Big and Tall Studio. The effect is like gazing supine from a game of shorts-only Twister: lots of legs and spandex underwear. FloorCam is no way to watch a complete game of basketball -- much as CatcherCam is inappropriate for nine innings -- and its distance from toes to head obscures the identities of the leaping bodies. This termite ' s view is surreal and best used when preceded by a traditional replay of what FloorCam will show. Looking into the glare of arena lights , the images show bodies flying , colliding
A 3-0 start had certainly been welcome around basketball-mad Chapel Hill , where the pain of a most uncharacteristic 8-20 season still nagged Tar Heels fans. But the optimism had been tempered by the fact that the three North Carolina victories had come against middle-of-the-pack opponents and a date with No. 2 Kansas awaited in the semifinals of the Preseason National Invitation Tournament. Surely , reality had to set in. North Carolina couldn ' t possibly come this far this fast. How good is North Carolina ? So good that the Tar Heels defeated Kansas , 67-56 , at Madison Square Garden last night to advance to
The spotlight radiates on Donovan McNabb , and it is hot. With the Eagles ' final minicamp recently behind them , and with their training camp debut set for July 27 , McNabb has been shuttling between interviews , photo shoots and fund-raisers , mindful to keep football at the forefront. For McNabb , 24 , a third-year quarterback in the N. F. L. around whom the Eagles franchise is being built , a player with a 14-10 record as a starter who generated a head-turning playoff showing last season , fulfilling his demands is tricky business. So , McNabb ' s teammates warn against bombarding
After a day off , the Internet artist Eryk Salvaggio returned to the electronics superstore in Salem , N. H. , where he was working as a television salesman. It was Sept. 12 , and he was immediately immersed in a sea of TV screens -- 126 of them , by his count -- that were tuned to news reports of Sept. 11. Every few minutes , he was surrounded by scenes of a jet crashing into the World Trade Center. Mr. Salvaggio said that the repeated showings of the video inured him to its full horror. He became desensitized , he said , and " I had this feeling that I shouldn ' t be feeling that. " So
Mariano Rivera was the last celebrity to meet reporters before Joe Torre ' s charity dinner in Manhattan last night , closing things out again. As the Yankees try to surround him with a deeper relief corps , Rivera is not paying attention. " I ' ve really been disconnected about baseball , " Rivera said. " I don ' t know anything about baseball right now. " The Yankees had hoped that when Rivera showed up in Tampa , Fla. , for spring training , he would meet new teammates like B. J. Ryan and Scott Eyre , and possibly even an old friend in Tom Gordon. But Eyre is off the free-agent market , having signed with the Chicago Cubs on Thursday , and Torre , the Yankees ' manager , said
WHAT had been a routinely sedate news media session suddenly became a raucous and family-like reunion yesterday when Cynthia Cooper bounded out the runway at Madison Square Garden , like a blazing Houston Comet across the New York sky. First the woman they call Coop hugged Sue Wicks , the veteran Liberty forward , once with feeling , a second time at a brassy cameraman ' s request. Then she decided , " I ' ve got to see Spoon , " and went looking for Teresa Weatherspoon , bumping into Vickie Johnson first. " Oh , it ' s going to be a mistake when you retire , " Johnson said ,
After his Giants played lethargically Saturday night in a 17-14 preseason loss to the Jets , Coach Jim Fassel was livid. Yesterday , he sounded calmer , although no less unhappy. He had much to be unhappy about. While the offense gained 367 yards and made two long touchdown drives , Kerry Collins threw two first-half interceptions and offensive tackle Luke Petitgout was called for three major first-half penalties. The defense created no turnovers and made no sacks , and it often gave Vinny Testaverde , the Jets ' quarterback , too much time to pass. The kicking woes continued. Jaret Holmes missed the Giants ' only field-goal attempt ,
On Dec. 4 , in the final disappointing stages of a dismal voyage on Leg 2 of the Volvo Ocean Race , the American offshore sailor Mark Rudiger sat down at the navigation station of his yacht , Assa Abloy , and began typing. It was a soul-baring exercise in catharsis. " The fault in our performance in the end is the responsibility of the navigator and the skipper , " he wrote. " For myself , I misread the weather in some key instances , and took some larger risks to try and win rather than protect what we had. " Looking to
Moments of perfection were scattered throughout Yankee Stadium yesterday , and they had little to do with the splendid sunshine , the blue skies or the hot pretzels , all pleasant touches. They had everything to do with David Wells , in a sharp 3-2 victory over the Royals , and with one more flashback to 1996 , when the Yankees were more nearly perfect than any other major league team. Wells enhanced the afternoon for the Yankees with a performance that was both economical and exemplary. He did not waste pitches while holding the Royals without a run until the eighth. And he did not let his empty ring finger or his empty heart deter him on a day when the Yankees were finally given their World
Bill Belichick began the morning after winning his second championship as a head coach by confessing that Super Bowl XXXVIII had left him more drained than any of the more than 500 N. F. L. games he had been involved in. Belichick prides himself on not only winning games but also ensuring that his defense dominates. He is , first and foremost , a defensive-minded coach. This , his fourth Patriots team , had already shown him that it could win in numerous ways , but some of what happened Sunday had to be extremely disturbing to him. The Carolina offense put pressure on the Patriots ' defense that
The Jets ' secondary is a mess not its playing , which was effective enough Sunday against the Miami Dolphins -- but its health. Steve Atwater , the free safety , missed two starts because of a strained hamstring , and his availability Sunday against the Dallas Cowboys ( 7-6 ) will be limited at best. Ray Mickens , the nickel back , has the same injury and the same prognosis. Otis Smith , a starting cornerback , has missed the entire season because of a shoulder injury , and Kevin Williams , who plays cornerback and safety , had his season ended by a life-threatening virus. Now
It is only the middle of January , but Andy Roddick ' s quarterfinal victory over Younes el-Aynaoui on a Wednesday night that turned into Thursday at the Australian Open could turn out to be the match of the year. Certainly , it will be an exceedingly difficult act to follow. Actually , it was five acts , all disguised as sets , with the most astonishing and dramatic plot twist saved for last. Roddick and Aynaoui traded timely serves , huge forehands , delicately sliced backhands , acrobatic volleys and admiring , increasingly exhausted glances over a fifth set that required 2 hours 23 minutes , and 40 games , to resolve. That made it the longest fifth set in men ' s singles in the 126 years of Grand
WITH all the attention being paid to the online rivalry between Barnes &amp; Noble and Amazon. com , could the smartest buy actually be the shares of the beleaguered Borders Group ? That is what investors in Borders are hoping. Last Monday , some of them were cheered by what the market perceived to be good news: Borders , the bookseller based in Ann Arbor , Mich. , hired a new chief executive: Gregory P. Josefowicz , formerly president of Jewel-Osco , a division of Albertson ' s , the supermarket giant. News of the appointment sent Borders shares up 6 percent in one day. Mr. Josefowicz replaced Philip Pfeffer , who resigned in
ELIMINATE Alan Greenspan. It sounds like a line from a cheesy political thriller. But the proposal is serious , an intriguing if flawed pitch for a radical change in the way this nation sets monetary policy. Of course , no one really wants to do away with Mr. Greenspan , the Federal Reserve chairman. But 14 years into Mr. Greenspan ' s tenure at the helm of the Fed , his once unblemished reputation has faded , albeit only slightly. The Fed ' s ability to raise and lower short-term interest rates is its primary control over the economy. An increase in rates raises borrowing costs for consumers and businesses , leading to deferred spending
PRO BASKETBALL Monarchs Defeat Liberty Latasha Byears had a season-high 23 points and grabbed 8 rebounds last night as the Sacramento Monarchs beat the Liberty , 76-69 , for their third straight victory after a nine-game losing streak. Bridgette Gordon had 19 points and Ruthie Bolton-Holifield added 15 points , 7 rebounds and 4 assists for the Monarchs ( 8-14 ) , who put together their first three-game winning streak of the Women ' s National Basketball Association season. Kym Hampton scored a season-high 17 points for the Liberty ( 15-6 ) and Vickie Johnson added 13. The Liberty ' s Rebecca Lobo was held to 7 points , on 2-of-6 shooting , and
Nowhere is it written that a stock guru has to be old enough to vote. But in the age of the Internet , where anyone with a modem can dispense financial wisdom and shift market tides , there are other questions raised about people like Daniel Miller , 15 , who maintains a stock-advice Web site. Propelled by a CNBC appearance last month , as well as a couple of stellar picks , his following has been growing so quickly that he is soliciting advertising for his site and considering charging admission. Mr. Miller ducks into the computer room or the library at the Frisch Yeshiva School in Paramus , N. J.
To hear pundits , fans and sports talk-show hosts tell it , the Detroit Pistons are supposed to be in a stupor , dejected after losing Game 2 of the finals despite leading by 6 points with 36 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter. But the Pistons themselves ? They scoff at such notions. They admitted being " crushed " immediately after the Los Angeles Lakers ' 99-91 overtime victory Tuesday night , which was keyed by Kobe Bryant ' s game-tying 3-pointer with 2. 1 seconds left in regulation. But after a brief film session on Wednesday , the Pistons insisted they had recovered from the trauma of letting a potential
Shortly after the end of the Persian Gulf war in 1991 , the newly semi-autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq held a rare democratic election. The region-wide election , however , provoked a civil war. There has not been another since. The war broke the region , which calls itself Kurdistan , into two zones , each dominated by a single political party. Neither party tolerates political pluralism. Both have used torture , killings and kidnappings to achieve their political goals , many people here say. As American authorities consider how to build democracy in Iraq , they have repeatedly held up this region as a model. In a message to the Kurdish parliament , L. Paul Bremer III , the American in charge of administration in Iraq , said , " I am confident that the example you set , with free elections ,
Marion Jones is back. Not all the way , but far enough to indicate that she will be sprinting at a gold-medal level by the Athens Olympics in August. After a 17-month maternity leave , she returned to racing Friday night in the 97th annual Millrose Games in Madison Square Garden. She won , not majestically because there were runners close behind , but she showed that the mechanics were still there and , equally important , the fierce drive was still there. The race , a 60-meter dash , was really too short for a female sprinter so tall ( 5 feet 11 inches
Just a few days after Bill Parcells held a meeting with five of his underachieving young Jets , and warned them that their careers were on the line , the season ended today for an older , underachieving tight end , Eric Green. The 32-year-old Green never overcame a neck injury suffered in the season ' s opener , and was placed on injured reserve today. He was also plagued throughout the year by recurrent knee problems. The one-time Pro Bowl player caught only 8 passes -- his last one on Sunday -- over 10 games. Green is likely to undergo neck surgery , and his absence will reinstall Fred
EIGHT months ago , Maurice Clarett scored the winning touchdown in the second overtime of the Fiesta Bowl to propel Ohio State to a 31-24 victory over Miami and an undisputed national championship. The game was an example of how enthralling intercollegiate sports can be. Now I feel Ohio State should entertain the possibility of returning the championship trophy. Karen Holbrook , the first-year president of the university , should insist that this option be put on the table. Earlier this week , Clarett was suspended by Ohio State for the remainder of the football season for violations the university said it uncovered during
In its last visit to the Winter Olympic Games , the United States men ' s hockey team made a distinct impression. Along with losing three of four games , some players kept a busy social calendar at night around Nagano , Japan. After they were eliminated , some left a trail of vandalism in their living quarters. They went home without medals , but they sure did beat Belarus. Many of the same Americans , four years older and perhaps more mature , will again wear the red , white and blue in 2002 when National Hockey League players again
It has been just over a year since their Wellington boots last sloshed about on these shores , and it ' s not as though that trip -- billed as their first official overseas tour since being married in April 2005 -- came off so smashingly that they , or an adoring American public , ought to be crying out for another. " They " would be Their Royal Highnesses , the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall -- Charles and Camilla. During that trip , in early November 2005 , The New York Post ridiculed Charles for failing to make eye contact with his wife throughout a 9/11 memorial event in Lower Manhattan ( " maybe they ' ve just grown accustomed to sneaking around " ) ; and in The Washington Post , Tina Brown , ostensibly praising Camilla ,
RUSSELL ROBERTSON was grappling with an unusual assignment. As an industrial designer , his mission was to figure out how kitchen appliances will be designed when , as he put it , " the fridge talks to the coffee pot. " His eyes twinkled as he spoke , but he was not kidding about the basic concept. In fact , while the idea may have once sounded ridiculous , predictions of the advent of such devices are now becoming almost cliched. News articles champion the coming era of " smart " appliances and " pervasive " or " ubiquitous " computing. Engineers have demonstrated how once-dumb machines , if embedded with tiny computers , might communicate wirelessly and embark on tasks like making coffee or ordering groceries. Some manufacturers
The Nets did not make any roster moves yesterday before leaving for Cincinnati for tonight ' s final exhibition game. They have until 6 p. m. Monday to set their final roster. That is the final time teams can set their 15-man roster with 12 active players. The Nets assumed a small financial burden , possibly up to $10 , 000 , since it takes 48 business hours for players to clear waivers. The team must pay whomever they eventually waive a prorated fee for two days , or one day if they choose to waive a player today. The rookie free agents Stephen Jackson and Kevin Freeman , along with the four-year journeyman
ALLAN HOUSTON appears to be one of nature ' s noblemen. He is the kind of guy who would never think of reaching across someone ' s plate and snaring a chicken leg on the dinner table. His gentle , even demeanor strikes you as someone you could tell your troubles to , like a shrink , or a barber. He is not about to interrupt you to make his point. Allan Houston raising his voice seems as implausible as hockey fans at Carnegie Hall. And his eyes -- his wide , brown , doe-like eyes -- are filled with compassion , understanding , serenity. So on those occasions when he mutates into a monster , it is bewildering , and , if you are a Knicks fan , wondrous. " At halftime , " Chris Childs said -- referring to Friday night ' s game when
In simpler times , only nature could make a pearl. Then mankind came up with the cultured variety , and pearls were transformed from nuggets of magic to predictable commodities. In recent years , though , nature has struck back: a mysterious virus has teamed up with disruptive weather patterns to kill more than half the oysters in the world ' s busiest undersea factory. At first , shoppers at jewelry counters were blissfully unaware of all this because dealers , alerted to the blight , kept plenty of pearls on hand. But those supplies are running short , and suddenly -- just in time for prom and wedding season -- pearl prices are shooting up. Luxury chains like Tiffany &amp; Company as well as small , family-owned jewelers
The Chicago Bulls ' Dennis Rodman has become a curiosity once again. After Coach Phil Jackson spent three days pumping up his enigmatic forward to play well against the Utah Jazz ' s Karl Malone , Rodman surfaced from the locker room with a surprise injury tonight. Jackson had planned to start Luc Longley on Malone and bring Rodman off the bench to irritate the Jazz star in Game 1 of the finals. But because of the injury -- Rodman played with strained ligaments in his right thumb -- his ability to bother Malone was in question. Rodman had energy against a cold-shooting Malone at times , but he was not his
William A. Andres , who led the Dayton Hudson Corporation ' s expansion from a regional department store chain to a national retailing powerhouse , died Wednesday of lymphoma in Fort Myers , Fla. He was 73. Under the leadership of Mr. Andres from 1976 through the sharp recession of the early 1980 ' s , Dayton Hudson grew from 400 stores to more than 1 , 000 , and its revenues tripled to $5. 6 billion. In 1978 , a Forbes cover article said Mr. Andres was " analytical and has a reputation for getting to the heart of matters quickly
The rapid downfall of the Enron Corporation is likely to hasten the end of California ' s freewheeling experiment in energy deregulation , industry executives and government officials said today. But in this state , where the state treasury was drained and the biggest utility was left bankrupt by an ill-conceived deregulation plan , various people saw a kind of rough justice in Enron ' s getting its comeuppance. " Enron was the flagship for deregulation , " said Carl Wood , a member of California ' s Public Utilities Commission and an opponent of deregulation. Enron , he said , proved to be " all hat and no cattle -- that ' s their Texas expression , and it applies here. " Analysts and utility executives agreed that Enron
After the Montclair High School football team ' s bus pulled into the parking lot at Bergen Catholic High School about an hour before today ' s game , the players stepped out , pulled on their pads and shouted brave words to each other. The Bergen Catholic players were gathering inside their gymnasium , some stretching and others sleeping. The Crusaders seemed set up for a rude awakening. When the teams took the field , it took little more than a minute for that to prove true. Montclair unveiled a passing offense that the Mounties had hid through their first four games , marching 80 yards in five pass plays. But
Antitrust officials at the European Commission have drafted a final ruling in their six-year case against Microsoft , people close to the commission said on Monday. " We are concluding the case , " Amelia Torres , a spokeswoman for the competition panel , said. The draft ruling , which was not made public , was circulated within the commission last week , according to a person who insisted on not being identified. Another person , who is also close to the case , said , " As far as the competition department is concerned , the ruling is final. " Other departments of the commission are free to
When the day mercifully ended , nobody who had played today could remember enduring a tougher first round in the British Open. One hundred fifty-six of the world ' s best golfers teed off. Nobody finished under par , and only one player , Rodney Pampling of Australia , shot even par. The average score was 78. 3 on a par-71 course. Fifty-five players finished in the 80 ' s , while two finished in the 90 ' s. The highest winning British Open score of the last 50 years was Gary Player ' s 289 , also at Carnoustie in 1968 , but that
When his psoriasis is at its worst , David G. Metz has a silvery scale covering his entire body except the soles of his feet. " You leave a trail behind you where you ' ve been -- the skin cells just fall off , " he said , adding that this makes him very self-conscious and reclusive. But last Christmas , Mr. Metz , a 27-year-old Wal-Mart sales clerk from Columbia , Ill. , visited his girlfriend ' s family in Chicago without worry. An experimental drug being developed by Genentech and Xoma , he said , left him " as normal looking as a person could look. " The biotechnology industry is taking aim at psoriasis ,
What hangover ? After spending the week facing questions on how they would rebound from their disappointing loss to New England , the Jets turned in a commanding 41-14 victory over Miami on Monday night , their most complete game of the season. The Jets had two runners with at least 100 yards -- Curtis Martin with 115 yards on 19 carries , and LaMont Jordan with 115 yards on 14 carries -- for the first time since 1975. The Jets ' wide receivers , who had caught only one touchdown all season , caught two on Monday. And then there
JOHN H. PARK , who runs the $100 million Liberty Acorn Twenty fund , isn ' t overly concerned about labels like growth and value. " We ' ll buy whatever ' s out of favor , " Mr. Parks said from his office in downtown Chicago. " We tend to shift between growth and value stocks depending on where they are in the cycle. " Despite high fees , the fund has soundly beaten its peer group. The fund has imposed a 5. 75 percent front-end load , or service charge , on its Class A shares since October 2000 , when the Liberty Financial Companies
Not long after the war , Syamend Walid , a sixth grader with a sense of humor , played a risky prank. With a green pencil , he scratched over Saddam Hussein ' s face in his English book. Then , in a final touch , he gave it horns. When his teacher noticed the small act of defiance , " he just told me to rip out the first page , " Syamend said , smiling shyly. The first page of most textbooks here carries a picture of a smiling Saddam Hussein. As change settles over Iraqi society , one of the quieter shifts in the nuts and bolts of life is happening in school. Across the country , teachers are discarding portions of history books , abandoning " patriotic education " classes , and in some cases taking down flags. So far , it has been
Recently , I was poking around in a desktop chest trying to find that small spool of " holographic tinsel " that I had ordered from a fly-fishing catalogue months ago. This was the " revolutionary " new material that I absolutely , positively had to receive via overnight mail , for reasons that eventually became just as unfathomable to me as the whereabouts of the unused tinsel. I pulled open one of the tiny drawers and there sat the tinsel -- half-buried in bird seed , gleaming like a tiny treasure chest in the sand on Jolly Roger Island. Oh well , it
In the past six months the Chinese Government has carried out the most systematic crackdown on political rights since the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989. Dozens of democratic activists have been arrested , hundreds more have been detained , and three leaders , Xu Wenli , Wang Youcai and Qin Yongmin , have been sentenced to long prison terms. Their crime ? Taking President Clinton at his word. It was Mr. Clinton who last year emboldened Chinese democrats to press their Government for modest reforms. At the June summit in Beijing , the President declared that free speech , free association and freedom of religion were " the right of people
A FELLOW I know has an interesting way of thinking. I wouldn ' t call him a conspiracy theorist , but he has held an intriguing theory for years. He has said many times over that he suspects that Michael Jordan ' s first retirement was not a retirement at all but an agreement with N. B. A. Commissioner David Stern. Jordan would sit out a year or two , my friend theorized , rather than having Stern suspend him for gambling. With that agreement , Jordan would pay a penalty , but neither he nor the National Basketball Association would be embarrassed. No such scenario has ever been proved , and Jordan has never been charged with doing anything illegal. But now comes Barry Bonds , who melodramatically and exaggeratedly said the
After much deliberation , ABC decided last week to bring back its long-running but recently struggling drama " The Practice , " and even flew the show ' s stars to New York to parade them in front of advertisers during its presentation of its new fall season. Now about half the people who walked across that stage are out of work. The show ' s production company , David E. Kelley Productions , confirmed yesterday that Dylan McDermott , the show ' s lead actor , as well as five other cast members , including Lara Flynn Boyle and Kelli Williams , have been dropped from " The Practice. " The decision to make wholesale cast changes in a show after seven years is highly unusual , but according to several people involved with the show , it reflected both the dismal season " The Practice " endured and a conclusion by Mr. Kelley ,
The Digital Equipment Corporation ended a difficult year on a positive note yesterday , reporting quarterly operating earnings that more than doubled from a year earlier. But the company ' s revenues shrank nearly 7 percent over the same time while the rest of the information technology industry was booming. Digital , which is based in Maynard , Mass. , had net income of $124 million , or 75 cents a share , during its fiscal fourth quarter , compared with a loss of $433 million , or $2. 87 a share , a year earlier. However , excluding a $492 million restructuring charge , the company earned $59
SO what it boils down to , the mad scientist was asked -- after a dazzling , dizzying disquisition tumbling through DNA , genomes , phylogeny , taxonomy , sequence matching , time warps , string edits , macromolecules , trilobites and later arthropods , ray tracing problems , how you can tell which medieval monastery a manuscript was copied in by the errors , mostly spelling , the monks kept making and the 280 powerful slave servers chained together in the basement -- is that lobsters and bugs are related ? Dr. Ward C. Wheeler beamed. " Well , maybe , " he said. This is a very big deal at the American Museum of Natural History , where the cheerful , fast-talking Dr. Wheeler , 37 , is co-director of the Molecular Systematics Laboratories , curator of invertebrate
The National Football League commissioner was angry because game officials missed a crucial call on the final play of the Giants-San Francisco 49ers playoff game 10 days ago. The Pittsburgh coach was angry because he thought the officials made an unwarranted call at the end of the Steelers ' playoff loss to Tennessee last Saturday. Some fans and television viewers were angry and confused , trying to reconcile the calls made on the field with the images they watch over and over in super-slow instant replay. And now the game officials are angry , too. In interviews yesterday , a number of them said that they were irate because the N. F. L. had made them scapegoats for problems that they say are
A small California computer company announced this month that its revenues fell 30 percent in the latest quarter , not because of slow sales , but because of a new accounting rule that could soon affect the bottom lines of high-technology companies across the nation. The company , Creative Computer Applications Inc. , which is based in Calabasas , is one of the first to begin applying the rule and said it did so to get the bad news out of the way. " A lot of companies are sort of pooh-poohing this and saying that it won ' t have much of an effect , " said Steven M. Besbeck , Creative Computer ' s chief executive officer. " I think they
For three days , the ultimatum had lingered like the sour odor of sweaty socks. Coach Byron Scott of the Nets waited anxiously for his players to clear the air and disprove his insult tonight. On Thursday , he attacked the Nets in their basketball souls when he decried they had no heart. Tonight , against the Milwaukee Bucks , Scott watched his team play with heart early , but then saw them play without their brains. Forgetting their game plan to double-team Milwaukee forward Glenn Robinson , the Nets allowed the aptly named Big Dog free range to rip out whatever heart they
Winning a horse race is usually tough enough. Winning from the outside or the next-to-outside post position is tougher , but that is the challenge that faces The Panderosa and Badlands Hanover , the favorites for Saturday night ' s $1 million Meadowlands Pace in East Rutherford , N. J. In the draw held here today , The Panderosa drew post position 10 in the 10-horse field. Badlands Hanover drew post 9. However , Dave Brower , who sets the morning line to guide bettors , made The Panderosa ( paired in the betting with his stablemate , Stutzpan ) the 2-1 favorite and Badlands Hanover the second choice at 7-2. " I don ' t think their post positions make any difference , " Brower said. " They ' re the
IN the spring of 1996 , the zealous new Republican majority in Congress persuaded President Clinton to sign a farm bill intended to wean American farmers from the government subsidies on which they had relied so heavily for so long. Given that price supports , land set-asides and other aid were then costing Washington $7. 3 billion a year -- and today ' s budget surpluses were not yet a gleam in even the most optimistic eye -- it seemed like a good idea. It just hasn ' t worked out. This year , the government is expected to pay farmers $22. 7 billion , more than triple the pre-overhaul level , accounting for 40
The Los Angeles Dodgers dealt a serious blow to the Yankees ' salary arbitration case with Bernie Williams , reaching agreement with outfielder Raul Mondesi last night on a four-year , $36 million contract. The $9 million annual average of Mondesi ' s contract is the figure Williams submitted for arbitration; the Yankees are in at $7. 5 million. Mondesi , who has one year less of major league experience than Williams , had been seeking $6. 5 million in arbitration to the Dodgers ' $5. 3 million. The right fielder earned $2. 7 million last year , just about half of Williams ' s $5.
So , who is the Horse of the Year ? On the morning after the 14th Breeders ' Cup , the question still hung over the barns at Hollywood Park. The answer to the question may have won one of the seven championship races on Saturday , when 51 , 161 people gathered and bet a record total of $81 million. But which one was it ? Was it the undefeated 2-year-old Favorite Trick , who won the Juvenile and stretched his winning streak to eight races with a record-breaking performance ? Or was it the 4-year-old Skip Away , who swept to victory in the Classic in another record-setting performance ? Or was it a horse that didn ' t even run in the Breeders ' Cup because of
Eminem ' s not cracking open the head of Triumph , the Insult Comic Dog , was about the only instance when something was not shattered at this year ' s MTV Music Video Awards. The show , televised on Thursday night from Radio City Music Hall , set a record for viewing levels for MTV , and drew more viewers than any other show on basic-cable channels this year. This year ' s awards reached just under 12 million people , more than highly popular telecasts like N. F. L. football on ESPN and the N. B. A. playoffs on TNT. About 10. 7 million
John Paul II arrived in India today to meet with the Roman Catholic bishops of Asia at a time when anti-Christian sentiment and violence among Hindu fundamentalists is at its highest in decades. The political hazards of the pope ' s visit , which coincides with Diwali , the Hindu festival of Light , were made plain at his arrival. The frail 79-year-old pope slowly descended the ramp into a darkened airport filled with armed security officers but unadorned by the usual welcome banners , bands or waving groups of Catholic school children. This foreign visit , his last of this millennium and the 89th of his papacy , is likely to be one of his most challenging. The pope , whose greatest hope for the next
TO Jared R. Yaffe , a telecommunications executive , the phrase T. G. I. F. -- thank God it ' s Friday -- has no special significance. " We have to consider Saturday and Sundays just another day to survive; the work never stops , " said Mr. Yaffe , 23 , who works at Nobel Ltd. , a provider of prepaid international telephone services that is based in Newton , Mass. As chief technology officer and vice president for marketing , he is in the office on many a Saturday and nearly every Sunday , busy calling days for customers. Often ,
The young guys from the East ventured to the Midwest to challenge some older fellows on their home court. They were two of the top-rated teams in the country. The youngbloods , Seton Hall , were undefeated in five games and ranked seventh in the nation , playing Illinois , with a 6-2 record and ranked ninth , in Assembly Hall. As it sometimes happens with youth , the Pirates -- starting three freshmen , one sophomore and one junior got off to a running start , ahead by as many as 21 points late in the first half. The Illini , starting three upperclassmen , took a little time before their engine began to
She glared. She stared. She argued with the chair umpire over a slew of questionable calls and , more destructively , she argued with her own game , the same game that made her the world ' s No. 1 player. " Any time I had a chance , I was missing balls , " said Lindsay Davenport , who didn ' t trace the problem to her eyesight. Two points away from being bounced out of the opening round of the Chase Championships for the second consecutive year , Davenport , although assured of finishing 1998 at No. 1 , reminded herself how irritable she would be if she let her year
IT was a bold strategy: Buy like mad , build like mad , pay for it with an initial stock offering and a lot of borrowed money , and pray that the snow -- and the customers -- would keep coming. For almost five years it was an exhilarating ride , as the American Skiing Company grew from a single Maine resort in 1994 to nine in New England and the Rockies. Hotels bought , condos built , new snow machines and gondolas installed: The company was pumping millions into its strategy of rapidly building itself into a giant in winter recreation. Then the juggernaut crashed into the season that wouldn ' t start. Unusually warm weather in the East combined with a dry spell in the West in
Patrick Ewing might smile when he sees the replay. There he was at midcourt , hollering , urging the crowd to cheer , celebrating his blocked shot against Tim Hardaway that helped to seal the Knicks ' 77-73 victory over the Miami Heat yesterday. It was that kind of game: tense , emotional , hard fought. And for Ewing , it has been that kind of career , a 12-year journey with the Knicks that he hopes will finally result in a championship. Yesterday was the best game of the playoffs for Ewing -- 25 points , 11 rebounds and the blocked shot against Hardaway in the closing
It has been an eight-year hiatus for the Worrell 1000 , a grueling catamaran race along 1 , 000 miles of coastline from Florida to Virginia. But now it ' s back , with 13 teams expecting to push off from the beach tomorrow at Fort Lauderdale , Fla. The realists among them are expecting the worst. " You never want to enter this race with a lackadaisical attitude , " said Randy Smyth , a two-time Olympic silver medalist who has won the Worrell 1000 twice. " I try to do as much preparation as I can. But you have to accept that you ' re a
Bob Watson is proud of his accomplishments in baseball , but he has grown weary of one aspect. " I would like to get rid of the distinction of being first , " he said. " I am really tired of being the first of anything in baseball -- first assistant general manager , first general manager , first African American to win a World Series. " Watson , of course , will never shed the distinctions because first is first. From the day in 1988 when John McMullen , then the owner of the Houston Astros , hired him as his assistant general manager , Watson has worked his way through a series of firsts. He was the first black general manager , and no one
The Giants did not practice well this morning , and when that two-hour session was over , Coach Jim Fassel gathered his team before him and said: " That was a 6-10 practice. You keep practicing like that and you ' ll be 6-10 again. " Fassel , who inherited this Giants team that won 6 of 16 games a year ago , does not yell much. He was not yelling today. But he was firing some salvos across the bow of the good and placid Giants ship , which has sailed happily through this 1997 training camp. " I don ' t know what their standards have
TIGER WOODS has not already won the British Open that begins today. It just seems that way. To hear most people talk , either with a Scottish burr or an American accent , you would think Woods had been presented with the claret jug for winning the British Open. But for all of Woods ' s talent and determination in his quest for the Grand Slam , winning a major golf tournament is never that simple , never that automatic. Not even for him. Woods is naturally the favorite , at 7-4 in the local betting shops , after winning 6 of golf ' s last 9 majors and 7 of the last 11. But other golfers won those other majors. And don '
The early start portion of the marathon , which had been a cause for great hand-wringing last year , went remarkably smoother in its second year. The New York Road Runners Club ' s handling of the early start , which allows runners who have physical disabilities , like blindness , to start the race up to two hours ahead of the pack , was heavily criticized last year. Guides for the runners seemed unprepared , often leading runners the wrong way , and roadways were not always properly cleared. Last week , Robert Laufer , the race organizer , promised that the system would run
The day after his inauguration , President Bush sat for an official portrait , taken by a Los Angeles Times photographer named Paul Morse. What was a Times photographer doing taking official White House photographs ? In some respects , he was following in the footsteps of better-known photographers like David Hume Kennerly , who left journalism temporarily to work in Gerald Ford ' s White House. The problem was , Mr. Morse had not yet left journalism. " This is a pretty ridiculous conflict of interest , " said Dean Baquet , the managing editor of The Los Angeles Times
Bill Polian was busy. " The details , " he was saying. " All the details that go with being in the Super Bowl. " What details ? " We ' re missing 250 passes for the buses taking our families to the game. Nobody can find the bus passes. " In a Colts jacket , Colts shorts and white sneakers , Polian , the club president hired after the 1997 season , had interrupted the search for the bus passes at the team ' s beach hotel here Thursday to recall the decisions that assembled much of the American Football Conference championship team that will oppose the Bears today
THE HOLY GRAIL Imagination and Belief By Richard Barber Illustrated. 464 pages. Harvard University Press. $27. 95. The Holy Grail has become a popular metaphor for elusive perfection , for the most exalted or unattainable object of one ' s desire. Scientists talk of the possibility of finding a theory of everything -- that would unify general relativity and quantum mechanics -- as the holy grail of physics. Marketers talk of interactive , targeted commercials as the holy grail of advertising. And the digerati talk of the development of intelligent machines as one of technology ' s holy grails. In his fascinating if long-winded new book , the British medieval scholar Richard Barber examines how the concept of the Holy Grail evolved: from a literary device to an explicitly Christian symbol to its present-day incarnation as an all-purpose object of a
Dwight Gooden was visibly uncomfortable discussing the possibility that he might replace David Cone and start Game 4 of the division series before the Yankees announced the switch. Once they did , Gooden displayed his excitement about his first post-season start since 1988 , when he was with the Mets. " I like rising to the occasion , " he said. " I love these situations. Hopefully , I ' ll be able to come through. I ' m not going to put any added pressure on myself and try to do anything I ' m not capable of doing. I ' m just going to try to take advantage of the
When Indonesia ' s president shuffled his cabinet recently , the outspoken chief economics minister , Rizal Ramli , was judged to be a big loser. Mr. Ramli was demoted to finance minister -- or as he himself noted , " I dropped from No. 4 to No. 8 in the pecking order. " But he has pushed through a raft of moves in recent days , a sign that he may be playing an even more central role in Indonesia ' s efforts to restore its shaky public and private finances. On Monday , at Mr. Ramli ' s urging , President
A woman can smell like just about anything she wants to these days. Citrus is hot , and so is fig. Vanilla has made its way around the block. Light and fruity , musky and heavy , scents to lower the blood pressure , bring inner peace or perhaps encourage a husband to do the laundry -- take your pick. Which means , of course , that peddling perfume has never been riskier. A glut of products and increasingly expensive marketing have transformed this business in recent years into a cutthroat marketing war. Battles are waged through scented magazine advertisements ,
The Nets were charging. Jason Kidd had just made a backdoor layup , Kerry Kittles had hit a 3-pointer , and the Nets , down by 11 points moments earlier , were within 4 with three minutes to play. When Kenyon Martin , an offensive force all night , drove the lane , the Nets appeared ready to rally to victory tonight. But Tim Duncan stripped Martin of the ball , then scored on the other end. Undaunted , the Nets kept coming: Lucious Harris made two foul shots , Aaron Williams threw down a resounding dunk and this time the San Antonio Spurs ' lead was down to 2. But
In a sport that reveres numbers , Funny Cide was assigned two more yesterday at the post position draw for the 135th running of the Belmont Stakes on Saturday: 4 and 1. The first New York-bred to win the Kentucky Derby will break from the No. 4 hole , and the track ' s oddsmaker , Don LaPlace , made him a 1-1 , or even money , favorite to become the first gelding to win the Triple Crown. Neither of those numbers , however , is as significant as this one: 5 , the number of rivals to challenge Funny Cide. A compact field got downright cozy
Major League Baseball , which has labored for several seasons under suspicion that some of its star players were using steroids , said Thursday that in the first year of testing for steroids more than 5 percent of players ' tests were positive. As a result , stricter testing standards will go into effect next year. From 5 to 7 percent of the 1 , 438 random , anonymous tests of players on major league teams ' 40-man rosters this year were positive , baseball said , triggering testing for the 2004 season that could result in penalties against players. The players would also be identified publicly. Though the number of positive tests ranged from 70 to 100 , it
The GHI Bronx Tennis Classic prides itself on featuring young players on their way up. One of this year ' s winners , however , was a woman trying to work her way back. Barbara Schwartz of Austria , a quarterfinalist at the 1999 French Open , outlasted Martina Muller of Germany , 5-7 , 6-3 , 7-6 ( 3 ) yesterday in Crotona Park to win her first title since coming back from an elbow injury that had sidelined her for almost 18 months. In the following match , Bjorn Phau of Germany won the men ' s final over Andy Ram of Israel , 6-2 , 6-4 , for his first professional
WE ' VE gone round and round the implications of last Friday ' s brawl in Auburn Hills , Mich. , with very few conclusions. This much is certain: The next five months will define Billy Hunter ' s tenure as the executive director of the N. B. A. players union. Hunter presided over a nasty lockout that shortened the 1998-99 season and over the Latrell Sprewell episode in 1997 ( Sprewell choked his coach on the Golden State Warriors , P. J. Carlesimo ). Those events were a warm-up for the fallout from a brawl between Pacers players and Pistons fans that resulted in the suspension of nine players , including Ron Artest for the remainder of the season. But more than that , the ugly confrontation has been made into a referendum on the popularity of a game whose star
Martin Brodeur has already played 18 of the Devils ' first 21 games this season. Chris Terreri , his understudy , has started only three games -- and won all three. But despite his success , Terreri has not appeared in the last seven games and , in all probability , he will not play in the next one either. At the rate he is going , and with the way the schedule works out for the Devils , look for Brodeur to play 70 of 82 games. That would match last season ' s number of appearances in goal but fall short of the 77 games he played three seasons ago , when the Devils failed to make the playoffs a year
It has required no slight adjustment for the Mexican-American players who make up half the roster on Mexico ' s team for the Women ' s World Cup. In contrast to the well-oiled machinery of United States women ' s soccer on and off the field , the simple act of catching the Mexican team bus can turn into an action movie. Two weeks ago , before an exhibition match in Mexico City , the bus failed to show up. The Mexican team found itself stranded at its training center , miles from the stadium. Soccer being a game of spontaneous
THOMAS H. LEE , the buyout maven , was slouching in an oversized chair in his Manhattan penthouse last Monday. It had been a long day. His firm , Thomas H. Lee Partners , had just wrapped up the final details of its most prominent and perhaps riskiest deal ever: a stunning $2. 6 billion buyout of Warner Music led by Wall Street ' s favorite whipping boy , Edgar Bronfman Jr. The question , of course , is what a shrewd firm like Mr. Lee ' s is doing in a place like this. After all , the music industry is plagued by piracy , mired in a three-year sales slump
If the weather is the X factor in Saturday ' s 128th running of the Travers Stakes , it is not bothering David Hofmans , the trainer of the favorite , Awesome Again. Hofmans pointed out today that his colt won the Jim Dandy in the mud four weeks ago. " This horse can run through anything , " he said. Hofmans may have lost the top 3-year-old colt in the country , Touch Gold , who won the Belmont Stakes and the Haskell Invitational but was withdrawn from the Travers because of a cut on his left front foot , but
Jai Lewis has never talked to Antonio Gates. He has only been inspired by him. Gates is the former Kent State basketball player who was signed by the N. F. L. ' s San Diego Chargers in 2003 , and has since made the Pro Bowl twice as a tight end. Lewis is the 6-foot-5 , 290-pound former George Mason power forward who led his team to an improbable appearance in the N. C. A. A. Final Four a month ago , and will now try to catch on with the Giants. Lewis was not among the 255 players selected in the two-day N. F. L. draft over the
Maels Rodriguez , a hard-throwing right-hander , and second baseman Yobal Duenas defected from Cuba last Saturday and are seeking asylum in an undisclosed country , following the route of previous Cuban defectors who went on to make millions in major league baseball. Rodriguez , whose age is given variously as 23 or 24 , could draw interest from several teams , including the Yankees , because of his experience in international competition and his youth. " He ' s got an outstanding body , " said Jorge Oquendo , the coordinator of international scouting for the Cincinnati Reds. " He can come and pitch in the big leagues right now. He ' s a No. 1 starter -- for any team. " Despite the accolades , there are
LIKE countless other Long Islanders , Vicki O ' Keefe of Babylon made a New Year ' s resolution to lose weight. The fact that Ms. O ' Keefe , 49 , has made the same resolution every year since she was 14 should not suggest that she is not serious: in years past she has gone to great lengths , from liquid diets to liposuction. But every year she falls off the wagon. A study by the University of Washington indicated that 100 million Americans make New Year ' s resolutions , with weight loss at the top of the list
MAZON. COM has ordered 181 acres of holiday wrapping paper and 2 , 494 miles of red satin ribbon -- just in case. It has stocked its shelves with 10 , 000 copies of the Pack the Pig game and a few extra table saws. And it has built four new automated warehouses that give it the capacity to pack , wrap and ship nearly a million boxes a day. " This is the fastest expansion of distribution capacity in peacetime history , " gloated Jeff Bezos , the founder of Amazon. com , the most popular store on the Internet. This holiday season , Mr. Bezos said , Amazon will
Players most often try to hide differences they have with teammates; they especially do not talk about physical encounters of a nasty kind. But today , Jeff Kent not only said that he and Barry Bonds had more encounters than the news media knew about , but he also advocated such behavior among teammates as a way of spurring players to better performances and teams to greater success. Kent , a second baseman , and Bonds , a left fielder , were teammates in San Francisco for six seasons. Their offensive efforts during that span would have to rank among all-time
For the first time tonight , the entire field in a women ' s 100-meter sprint had previously run under 11 seconds. But no one in this deep field had run as fast as Marion Jones , who false-started and then recovered to win convincingly and set a Goodwill Games record of 10. 90 seconds. It was an assertive victory but not a particularly fast one on a spongy track and into a headwind of 1. 9 miles an hour. In fact , Jones had run eight faster 100 meters this season in which she has dominated the 100 and 200 meters , as well as
Stepping into the heart of an organization grown wary of Republicans , Secretary of State Colin L. Powell sought today to assure Secretary General Kofi Annan that he could count on the Bush administration ' s strong support across a wide spectrum of United Nations activities. General Powell , who requested the meeting before his trip to the Middle East , discussed Iraq , the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and other issues with Mr. Annan for more than an hour. Meeting reporters after the talks , Mr. Annan said relations with Washington were on " a very good footing , " and he joked that he was " extremely happy that the secretary of state ' s first visit outside the U. S. is to the U. N. " The secretary of state , who praised Richard C. Holbrooke , the
Stock prices continued to plow ahead yesterday as investors gained more confidence that the days and weeks of instability that were the norm from mid-July until late September are over. " Everything is good right now , for now , " one stock trader said. " There is a continued belief the Fed will ease interest rates again , " he added. " Foreign markets are stable. There is not a lot of new supply because there are not any deals. And mutual-fund inflows continue. " Once again , equities turned in a broad-based advance. The Dow Jones industrial average yesterday rose 114. 05 points , or 1. 33 percent
Last summer , at the height of a four-year drought in the Southeast , local churches in the Bible Belt began holding vigils to pray for rain. Funny , now it will not stop raining around here. About the only one happy about the deluge tonight was the driver Jimmie Johnson , who found himself running in first place in the Coca-Cola 600 when a downpour began. Eight inches had fallen in recent days. Nascar officials decided to call it a race , giving Johnson the Winston Cup victory after 276 of 400 laps were completed. Johnson , who won Nascar ' s all-star race here last weekend , left Lowe ' s Motor Speedway with a tidy payday. He collected $1 million last week and another $271 , 900 tonight. And he became the
At 19 , 28 and 53 miles into its first stage Sunday , the Tour de France passed over bumps in the road so insignificant that almost nobody noticed. Christophe Mengin noticed. So did Frédéric Finot. On these slightest of inclines , each was dreaming of being crowned King of the Mountains. Of course these were not mountains; the Tour will not reach them until Saturday. But for now , like two similar speed bumps Monday , one Tuesday and two today , they will have to serve. All eight of those hills rate as fourth-category climbs , the lowest rank available in terms of length , steepness and difficulty. Put together , they barely constitute
IN her prime , Mary Russo of the Fort Hamilton section of Brooklyn did not have enough hours in the day. Ever since her husband left back in the 1940 ' s when their three children were young , she supported the family alone , managing a Staten Island pizzeria and selling vacuum cleaners door to door. " I loved selling those Filter Queen vacuums with all the attachments , " she said. " I was a good seller. I won the busy bee worker pin one month. " At home , she cooked Italian meals , got the children off to
What the Penguins Left One useful thing about civilization , from an archaeologist ' s viewpoint , is its tendency to stay in one place. The ancient city of Troy , for instance , is actually numerous settlements , built one on top of the other over the centuries. By digging down and keeping track of what is found where , archaeologists can create a timeline of Trojan history. The Adélie penguins of Antarctica are pretty sedentary , too. During the summers they nest in colonies along the coast of the Ross Sea , and they ' ve been doing so for centuries. The result , in some spots , is layer upon layer of well-preserved penguin remains dating back thousands of years. It ' s a treasure trove ,
HIS credentials to coach women ' s professional basketball were unassailable , though Van Chancellor admits his original intentions were not altogether pure. It was during the mid-1960 ' s when Chancellor , teaching math and coaching boys ' basketball in Horn Lake , Miss. , went to the principal one day and said he needed a study hall break. " There weren ' t too many math teachers in Mississippi in those days , " the coach of the Houston Comets drawled recently on the phone. " They told me they also needed a coach for the girls ' team. If I took it over , I ' d be able to get out of two classes a day. " Chancellor
There have been several extraordinary days for jockey Stewart Elliott lately , namely the occasions he has sat aboard Smarty Jones , maybe one of the greatest horses ever. It is the rest of his riding life that is not that exciting , lucrative or challenging. Day after day , he rides a lot of cheap horses at Philadelphia Park , a midlevel racetrack. On Saturday , he will try to improve that situation. Elliott will ride regularly this spring and summer at Monmouth Park , which begins an 87-day meet on Saturday. Although Monmouth does not have the purses or cachet of a Belmont Park or Saratoga or Santa Anita
AT Harry ' s Farmers Market stores , the tomatoes and melons may well have been on the vine 24 hours ago. Employees who work with perishables are screened for viruses and infectious bacteria that could find their way onto an artichoke or a head of cabbage. The baguettes are hot , the ads memorable. " There is no place like it , " said Geraldine Bailey of Roswell , the Atlanta suburb where Harry ' s is based. " I like the meals-in-a-hurry , " said Ms. Bailey , who was shopping at the Harry ' s in Alpharetta with her husband
Hal Sutton has added spice to the 35th Ryder Cup by daring to be different. The leadership style of Sutton , the American captain , has been a focal point of discussion heading into the opening-round matches between the United States and Europe on Friday. All week , Sutton has steadfastly refused to let his players know who they will be paired with , making them wait until Thursday morning. And on Wednesday , Sutton drew more attention by allowing Phil Mickelson to skip practice while his 11 teammates were on the course at Oakland Hills Country Club. Sutton ' s logic regarding Mickelson was simple. Mickelson is approaching the Ryder Cup
President Mikhail Saakashvili of Georgia warned the Bush administration on Thursday that Russia was trying to assert greater control over his country , a former republic in the old Soviet Union. Despite rising tensions , however , he said he would seek to resolve differences with Moscow peacefully. " Georgia cannot and will not solve this problem with violence , " said Mr. Saakashvili , in a visit to the United States that coincided with renewed charges and countercharges over Russia ' s involvement in the drive for secession in two Georgia provinces. " We have the patience to wait to unify Georgia by peaceful means. " Mr. Saakashvili , a 36-year-old reformer who took power last year after the ouster of Georgia ' s long-serving president , Eduard A. Shevardnadze ,
In his first three seasons in the major leagues , Rey Ordonez seemed to be the personification of the good-field , no-hit shortstop. He captured two consecutive Gold Gloves but looked pretty helpless with a bat in his hands. Ordonez did hit. 257 as a rookie for the Mets but fell to. 216 in 1997 before finishing last year at. 246. And when he began this season with a. 170 average ( 8 for 47 ) and a sulking attitude that landed him in Manager Bobby Valentine ' s doghouse , few would have predicted what happened next. These days , Ordonez -- he of the career. 242 average -- has developed into a major league hitter. Since being benched April 23 for throwing a tantrum ,
HERE are some of the highlights , lowlights and sidelights from the 2002 conference of the Association of National Advertisers , which took place Thursday through Sunday in Naples , Fla. MUST YOUTH BE SERVED ? -- By far the least well-received speaker at the conference was Jamie Kellner , chairman and chief executive at Turner Broadcasting System , part of AOL Time Warner. Attendees loudly complained that his presentation amounted to little more than a sales pitch for the networks he oversees , principally WB , which AOL Time Warner owns with the Tribune Company. The association has striven to avoid self-serving speakers since 1999 , when it ended a three-year experiment of letting media companies promote themselves if they paid $100 , 000 for a place on
THIS is not one of those scientific exit polls that can detect a presidential election result by 6:02 A. M. in some remote corner of Maine. This is merely my gut feeling , based on vicarious observation of the people filing into Giants Stadium Friday night to watch the ghastly 34-7 defeat to Carolina. My hunch is that the people who ritually but impersonally booed horrendous football by the home team were , to a large extent , the stock clerks , distant relatives , marginal business clients and moderately familiar neighbors of the actual ticket-holders. Ask Wellington Mara. You don ' t see him at the Garden when the
IN a week in which even the Federal Reserve wizard , Alan Greenspan , could not conjure a sustained stock market rally , media stocks rose more and remained higher than most others. While most stock indexes fell back into negative territory by Friday ' s close , an index of 43 top media companies ended the week up 8. 3 percent. The Bloomberg Media Index , which includes newspaper , radio , cable and cable programming companies ( including The New York Times Company ) , was at 106 last Tuesday , the day before the market rally precipitated by news on Wednesday afternoon that Mr. Greenspan and his colleagues at the Fed approved an interest
YOU could hear the wind. Hear it blowing through the swaying boughs high on the loblolly pines. Hear Augusta National ' s yellow flags flapping on each green. Hear the golfers ' slacks rippling as they waited for the wind to lessen. Even on the greens. On the 14th green , Tiger Woods , needing a 15-footer for par , took a practice stroke and backed away. " I couldn ' t bring my putter straight back in the wind , " he said after shooting a one-under-par 71 yesterday , three strokes behind the leader , Fred Couples. " Then I had to back away again. You have to widen your stance when you ' re putting in the wind , but you know that even when you hit a
Swirling winds during the first round of the JAL Big Apple Classic had players donning sweaters and reaching for longer clubs. Michelle McGann said that some of her tee shots that were carrying 250 or 260 yards during practice on Tuesday and Wednesday were traveling about 50 yards less. And Dottie Pepper -- who shared the lead with Vicki Goetze at par 71 after today ' s opening round -- sometimes found herself using a 5-iron where she normally would be employing an 8 or a 9. Indeed , the wind that swept across the golf course at the Wykagyl Country Club at up to 20 miles an hour sent scores soaring. In all ,
So this is what it is like to be the team star. It means being the focus of Coach Pat Riley ' s clipboard jottings and having attention heaped on you like dirt on a grave site. Allan Houston was underneath Game 1 , somewhere. But Houston , the unassuming leader of the Knicks , never sprang forth to unearth a star ' s glow Friday night. Riley made sure of it after spending his team ' s pre-series work sessions devising a way to mute Houston ' s impact. And now , faced with Game 2 at the Miami Arena on Sunday , Houston was left to ponder just what the Heat did to hold him
THE last 12 months have been a vintage year for business news. As usual , many of the corporate scandals , economic ups and downs , market movements , bankruptcies and other events and incidents elicited telling remarks by executives and public figures. How closely were you watching the business world ? Here ' s a test. Who spoke these words ? What were they talking about ? 1. " There are lots of other important things to do in life. " 2. " In litigation , as in life , timing is everything. Now is the time to end this
CVC , the Texas Pacific Group and Merrill Lynch made a long-awaited bid for the Debenhams department stores today , valuing the chain at £1. 66 billion ( $2. 67 billion ) , 7 percent more than a rival bid. Shareholders are hoping the offer will be the beginning of a bidding war. Today ' s bid is a 7. 1 percent premium to a May bid of £1. 54 billion by a consortium of Permira , a private equity firm based in London , the Blackstone Group and Goldman Sachs Capital Partners. The Permira group said in a statement to the London Stock Exchange today that
In a deal that expands one telecommunications company and simplifies another , Airtouch Communications said yesterday that it would acquire the domestic cellular properties of the U S West Media Group for $2. 8 billion in stock and $2. 2 billion in assumed debt. The acquisition was not a surprise since the two companies signed a three-step agreement in 1994 that would have transferred U S West ' s cellular assets to Airtouch by the middle of this year. But the timing was accelerated and the financial structure was changed to allow U S West to spin off the $2. 8 billion in Airtouch stock to its shareholders , rather than holding
THE Justice Department has given a consortium of eight companies and Columbia University a green light to combine 27 patents into a single portfolio and license the inventions under the direction of one administrator. A spokesman for the Justice Department said the decision on Thursday appeared to be the first time its antitrust division had approved such a patent clearinghouse. " It ' s the first statement we have made on patent pooling , " the spokesman , Bill Brooks , explained. " This is definitely a first in recent history , and likely a first on patent pooling. " The patents relate to a technology known as MPEG-2 for compressing digital video and audio data. The acronym is derived from the Motion Picture Expert Group , an organization created in 1988 to design technical standards for
Leslie Macpherson fumbled with her tool belt as she walked into the room crammed with wires. She had never seen so many in her life. Blue ones , white ones. Wires as thin as toothpicks , wires as thick as thumbs. Thousands of them. In her regular management job with Verizon Communications , the country ' s largest local telephone company , Ms. Macpherson kept track of utilities regulations imposed by state agencies. She wore a suit and sat at a desk. She met with government officials. She wrote reports. She did not carry around pliers or orange telephone handsets. But that was before the union strike began last Sunday. Ms. Macpherson is now temporarily a technician , and a technician must know her wires.
When Ryan C. Crocker was trying to improve his Arabic in the late 1970s , he traveled to Jordan , made contact with a desert tribe and settled in for some hands-on training a little different from the standard State Department regimen. " He wound up being a shepherd for a week or two , chasing down stray sheep and living with the Bedouin , " said Frederic C. Hof , a retired Army officer and author on the Middle East who recalls reading Mr. Crocker ' s official report on the trip when they were in language training. Mr. Crocker
After a tumultuous week in which they lost a legend and hired his replacement , the Jets caught their breath yesterday. Terry Bradway , named the new general manager immediately after his interview Thursday , packed up his office in Kansas City yesterday. Bradway , the former vice president for player personnel for the Kansas City Chiefs , expects to return to New York this afternoon and begin the most pressing task of his young tenure: hiring a coach. He is to interview Maurice Carthon , the Jets ' assistant head coach , for the job tomorrow. Dom Capers , Jacksonville ' s defensive
FOR 28 years , Michael H. Steinhardt managed an investment portfolio. Today he manages a portfolio of enthusiasms: Philanthropy. Art. Wildlife. Gardening. And a little bit of investing. " I ' m addicted , " he said in a recent interview. The nerve center of his activities is a spacious office on Madison Avenue in Manhattan with a view of the colored foliage and ice rink in Central Park. The office is decked out with reflections of his eclectic life: There are photographs of his family and of his 51-acre estate in Bedford , N. Y. There are Jewish artifacts , including silver Hanukkah lamps and Torah shields. Under a
The Pentagon ' s inspector general concluded this week that Richard N. Perle violated no ethics laws or rules when he was leading an influential Pentagon advisory board while at the same timerepresenting two companies in their dealings with the government. But Mr. Perle has become the focus of an inquiry being conducted by Hollinger International , the media conglomerate , where he serves as a director. That inquiry is examining several transactions , including $2. 5 million in payments made by the company to Trireme Partners , a venture capital company in which Mr. Perle is a managing partner. The inquiry is being led by Richard C. Breeden ,
How bizarre , how bizarre. For the second time in less than two weeks , the Nets lost a game in the closing seconds on a strange play. Or , in this case , a bevy of very strange plays. How the Nets lost to Portland , 98-97 , here Tuesday night in the final game of a five-game Western swing was mind-boggling. The last 10 seconds seemed to take hours to play. The final 2. 8 seconds featured a game ' s worth of action. Tick by tick , here ' s what happened. 2. 8 SECONDS With the Nets trailing , 98-96 , Sam Cassell is fouled.
Mariano Rivera admitted with a wry smile that he has a specific contract figure he would consider fair. The Yankees did not meet that today , or the one that Derek Jeter had in mind. Unable to come to an agreement with their No. 1 closer and their starting shortstop , the Yankees renewed their contracts , as they may do under the collective bargaining agreement. Jeter and Rivera will each get $750 , 000 in 1998 , a raise of more than 35 percent for both. Jeter made $540 , 000 last year , Rivera $550 , 000. Each will be eligible for arbitration next season
For years it was mostly the stuff of science fiction. But now communications technology has advanced to the point where sensors , machines and computers are beginning to talk to each other wirelessly in ways that could dwarf traffic between familiar devices like cellphones. Wireless networks of sensors and machinery have long been used in a handful of critical tasks like air traffic control. Now technology is expanding their reach into areas like managing lighting systems and detecting construction defects. But that is just the beginning. As an example , a wireless communications system is being tested to tell precisely when to irrigate and
They win. They feel. They go from first to third on a single. They surround a teammate who has lost a father. These Yankees are transforming the record books with their deeds , while remaining human and fragile. Perhaps that will be the legacy of this team that George Steinbrenner and Joe Torre directed in the second half of the 1990 ' s. The players whose names are being etched into the record books are still young and accessible. What they are accomplishing has a mortal touch. Perhaps we all should thank Oprah Winfrey for putting emotions on television in a tasteful setting. We live in a different world. Ruth and Gehrig always seemed physically wary of each other , a dozen yards apart even when they were side by side. These Yankees not only win World Series ( in pairs , now ) , they also hug in public. The older he gets , the more Joe Torre becomes kindly Uncle Joe , Zio Beppe , who is not afraid to put his cheek to his lads '
When Robert Gamez joined the PGA Tour in 1990 , he made it look easy. He won his first tournament. He was the Tour ' s rookie of the year. At age 22 , he was loving life and sitting on top of the golf world. Slowly , Gamez slipped , partly because he partied too much and practiced too little. " I used to party big time , " said Gamez , who is now 33 and many years wiser. " I stopped doing all that back in about 1994 or ' 95. But when I first came out , it was a new city every week. I had just come
Whether he was starring in a critically panned movie or holed up in a recording studio when he should have been working on his free-throw form , Shaquille O ' Neal has been taken to task for caring more about his image than basketball. " That ' s what people say , but I really don ' t care what people think , " O ' Neal said before he carved up the Nets for 50 points on Thursday night at the Meadowlands. " I ' m not worried about my image. I answer to only God , Jerry West , my parents , my coaching staff and my teammates. That ' s
With a pick comb in his hair and his shirt untucked , Roland Martin wandered into the Good Guys electronics store this afternoon and immediately secured a 30-minute employment interview. Not only did the store disregard his appearance , it welcomed his impulsive job hunt. Besides , the interviewer could not see him. Mr. Martin ' s interview in this San Francisco suburb was conducted by computer , making him a participant in a trend in retail hiring. Dozens of big-name retailers , including Target , Hollywood Video , Macy ' s and Longs Drug Stores , are replacing paper applications and
He was 2 for 8 up to this point , and his shooting stroke was as icy as the playgrounds in his native Alaska. But Trajan Langdon wanted the ball. Michigan State had just closed to within 3 points , 51-48 , and Langdon ' s teammate and Duke ' s inside dominator , Elton Brand , was on the bench with four fouls. There was plenty of time left , 8 minutes 29 seconds , but the fifth-year senior figured the clock was ticking in Spartan time. William Avery got him the ball on the left wing. Langdon feinted with his shoulder to get a split-second jump on Michigan State ' s Charlie Bell. He dribbled once and launched a 21-footer , just inches behind the 3-point arc. It
GET ready to pay higher commissions to trade stocks. And , believe it or not , the change may actually be good for you. Two months ago , the Nasdaq stock market switched to pricing stocks in pennies , instead of in fractions. To many investors , the alteration probably seemed cosmetic , although helpful , because it freed big and small investors alike from the irritating necessity of converting fractions into decimals. ( Quick ! What ' s 21 divided by 32 ? ) But the switch is actually causing big changes in the way stocks are traded , and its impact will probably grow over the next
Following is a transcript of President Bush ' s address to the nation last night , as recorded by The New York Times: Good evening. Tonight in Iraq , the Armed Forces of the United States are engaged in a struggle that will determine the direction of the global war on terror and our safety here at home. The new strategy I outline tonight will change America ' s course in Iraq , and help us succeed in the fight against terror. When I addressed you just over a year ago , nearly 12 million Iraqis had cast their ballots for a unified and
Procter &amp; Gamble in 1994. Long-Term Capital Management in 1998. Enron in 2001. And now , perhaps , Freddie Mac. The ruptures suffered by each of these companies have one thing in common: some confusion on the part of directors , managers , auditors , creditors or shareholders about how the business dealt with the complex financial instruments known as derivatives. Derivatives are contracts based on the changeable value of underlying securities , or other variables that can range from interest rates and currencies to energy prices and the weather. They can be used to reduce risk or to increase it , and
It was early in the second quarter on Sunday , and the Washington Redskins ' offense was pushing the Giants ' defense around , advancing down the field play after play. In the wake of the Giants ' 31-24 season-opening victory , it is hard to remember the moments when a Giants victory hardly looked assured , when the Giants ' defense -- even its vaunted defensive line -- was losing the battle. But it was happening. The Giants were trailing by 4 points and on the verge of falling further behind. " We were on our heels , " the Giants ' defensive coordinator , John Fox , said of the Redskins
CHARMIN has a new low-rent cousin , Charmin Basic. It ' s slightly less " squeezably soft " -- but it ' s a lot less pricey than Procter &amp; Gamble ' s other toilet paper. " Hold onto a little more change , " is the tag line of one ad that shows a wet piece of Charmin Basic holding the weight of two silver dollars. Procter ' s Bounty has a less expensive version hitting markets now , too. And , while Procter is among just a handful of companies introducing downmarket versions of upmarket brands , it has a lot more company
TiVo has changed the way people watch television and added a new word to the vernacular. But that does not mean TiVo , the company , is thriving. TiVo , which helped introduce the digital video recorder , or DVR , in 1999 , now faces an onslaught of competition from cable system and satellite operators , which are quickly eroding TiVo ' s once-dominant market share. In late May , the company announced a first-quarter loss of more than $9 million , despite a 21 percent rise in revenues , to $25. 2 million. TiVo ' s stock price has fallen from its high this year of almost $13 to close
MARK McGWIRE repeatedly copped out under questioning by Congressional lawmakers , saying he wasn ' t there to " talk about the past , " a hint that steroids helped him hit 70 home runs in 1998. Commissioner Bud Selig and the players union leader Donald Fehr were unable to defend the weaknesses in Major League Baseball ' s steroids-testing agreement. By the end of Thursday ' s morning-afternoon-and-evening tripleheader in Washington , baseball had been embarrassed , as it deserved to be. And as it has often deserved to be when outsiders peer into its scandalous side. Going back to
Sometime in the early hours of darkness , the mortar firing resumed. A few booms reverberated from enemy lines. Then the wait , to hear where the shells would land. " Not here , " said Halat Karim Agha , commander of a group of soldiers in the snow on one of this mountain ' s triplet peaks. " Down there , in the valley. By the villages again. " His soldiers , known as pesh merga , meaning " those who face death , " sat quietly under the moon. Eighteen pesh merga live here , atop a peak rising more than a mile in the sky , in seven stone bunkers that would fit inside a circle 45 feet wide. It is one spot on a
The Jets kept their heads when all around them shoulders and knees were crumbling. With an injury-filled but dissension-free 4-12 season behind them , the question now is whether they can keep their coach. Kansas City is expected to ask the Jets for permission to talk to Herman Edwards about its coaching vacancy. Edwards , 51 , has two years left on his contract. He reiterated Monday that he intended to coach the Jets next season. But Edwards ' s future is uncertain. And on a day when quarterback Chad Pennington , who is recovering from his second shoulder operation in eight months , said he intended to start next season ' s opener ,
Juan Manuel Marquez of Mexico got off the canvas three times in the first two and a half minutes and fought Manny Pacquiao of the Philippines to a 12-round draw Saturday night in a featherweight title fight at the MGM Grand Arena. Marquez , who avoided any further knockdowns , was judged the winner by Guy Jutras of Montreal , 115-113. John Stewart , a judge from New Jersey , scored it 115-113 the other way , and Burt Clements of Nevada had it 113-113. It was a wildly satisfying fight for the 7 , 129 people in the crowd , who saw Marquez retain his World
Suzyn Waldman resigned from WFAN Radio yesterday after 14 years at the station. She had been a co-host of the 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. program with Jody McDonald. She had less than a year to go on her contract. " It ' s just time , " she said. " I ' ve been here for 14 1/2 years and I need to step back and do something else. It ' s as simple as that. I don ' t have another job. I want to do some singing and some other things. " She said her departure is unrelated to her health;
MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL American League OAKLAND ATHLETICS--Recalled RHP Rich Harden from Sacramento of the PCL. Designated RHP Chad Harville for assignment. National League MONTREAL EXPOS--Placed OF Carl Everett on the 15-day DL. METS--Named John Ricco assistant general manager. Northern League JOLIET JACKHAMMERS--Signed RHP Robert Garvin. BASKETBALL National Basketball Development League FAYETTEVILLE PATRIOTS--Signed F Eric Taylor. Women ' s National Basketball Association MINNESOTA LYNX--Acquired a 2004 first-round draft pick and F Amanda Lassiter from Seattle for F Sheri Sam and C Janell Burse. American Basketball Association ABA--Awarded an expansion franchise to Cincinnati , to begin play in the 2004-05 season. KENTUCKY COLONELS--Named Henry Bacon
WHEN Jodi West woke up one Friday in May with a weepy , crusty right eye , she rinsed her face and hoped that it would clear up on its own. By the next morning , the infection had spread to both eyes , and she realized that she would have to see someone about it. But she knew that she would have to be quick: her 7-year-old daughter was dancing in two recitals that day. So they got in the car and drove off , not to a hospital emergency room , but to the Target store in Shoreview , Minn. , about 15 minutes from their home in Centerville. There , at a clinic
AS the presidential primary campaigns begin in earnest , the Iraq war is overshadowing all other issues , as it did during the midterm elections. Presidential candidates who were in the Senate in October 2002 are particularly under the microscope , as they are being called upon to justify their votes for going to war. As someone who was in the Senate at the time , I have been struck by the contours of the debate. The situation facing the candidates who cast war votes has , to my surprise , often been presented as a binary one -- they could either vote for the war , or not. There was no middle ground. On the contrary. There was indeed a third way , which Senator James Jeffords , independent of
That natural gas prices have risen 40 percent in the last month seems normal at first glance. It is winter , after all , and a large portion of the country heats with gas. But industry executives and analysts say that natural gas prices at today ' s levels , more than $5 per million British thermal units , underscore a fundamental shift toward consistently higher prices. Through most of the 1990 ' s , natural gas prices generally were $1. 75 to $2. 50 per million B. T. U. ' s , according to Vince White , a spokesman for Devon Energy , an oil and gas exploration and production company based
China disclosed Tuesday that its trade surplus surged to $11. 19 billion in March , its second-highest monthly surplus ever and a level that could feed trade frictions in advance of President Hu Jintao ' s visit to the United States next week. The surplus more than doubled over March of last year on soaring exports and slowing growth in imports , and nearly matched China ' s record monthly trade surplus of $12. 02 billion , set last October. The March figures were especially significant because China usually runs only modest surpluses or even deficits in the first quarter. In the second quarter , factories step up their shipments to the United States and Europe of things like toys and DVD players , in
BEAUTIFUL inside and out. It sounds like one of those personal-ad clichés , up there with candlelight dinners and walks on the beach. But to Cover Girl , Procter &amp; Gamble ' s 43-year-old cosmetics line , it is a longtime mantra. " We are a strong believer in inner and outer beauty , " said Anne Martin , the company ' s vice president for global cosmetics and beauty marketing , without a trace of tongue in cheek. No surprise , then , that Cover Girl has long sponsored programs to encourage young women to get involved in charitable causes. But , no matter how heartfelt , that is a hard way to get teenagers to buy lipstick. So , in a new attempt to be cool instead
Reese Hoffa , the fourth-best shot-putter in the United States in 2005 , burst past the others last year. He won the world indoor title with the year ' s longest indoor put ( 72 feet 6 1/2 inches ) and was ranked first in the world by Track and Field News. Hoffa , 29 , graduated from the University of Georgia. About 6 feet and 305 pounds , he propels the shot with a fast , low line drive. On Friday , with the Madison Square Garden lights dimmed , with all other competition stopped and the music almost deafening , Hoffa will try
Robert L. Chapman , an editor of Roget ' s Thesaurus who built a distinguished career on the difference between the right word and the almost right word and who streamlined the work for postmodern users , died Saturday in Morristown , N. J. He was 81 and lived in Madison , N. J. Dr. Chapman , who had lived with a pre-leukemic condition for a decade , had been in declining health in recent months , his son Douglass Chapman said. A scholar of medieval literature who with his long face , white hair and neat beard looked every inch the part , Dr. Chapman was
As it awaits this week ' s 79th Professional Golfers Association Championship , Winged Foot ' s West course is one of America ' s most historic. The site of four United States Open championships , in 1929 , 1959 , 1974 and 1984 , it has fooled and frustrated golfers from Bobby Jones and Ben Hogan to Arnold Palmer and Jack Nicklaus , to Tom Watson and Greg Norman. Now Tiger Woods is about to test Winged Foot ' s long , narrow fairways , deep bunkers and slippery greens. If the West Course ' s 18 holes could talk , these are the stories they would tell , with a smile or a smirk: 1 Genesis
WILLIAM DANOFF , the manager of the $32. 2 billion Fidelity Contrafund , calls himself a " good-news guy. " He buys stocks based on news of large corporate stock buybacks , regulatory changes , initial offerings or mergers , he said. " I ' m looking for good news like improved earnings growth potential , cost cutting or new management , " Mr. Danoff added from his office in Boston. He said he is more focused on a company ' s fundamental quality than on its current share price. " Over the long term , " he said , " the price is forgotten but the quality remains. " Earnings
SHOULD faith be a factor when it comes to managing your money ? For more than a handful of investors , the answer appears to be yes. These are people with strong religious beliefs whose investing concerns have encouraged the development of nearly 30 funds with a religious affiliation. While the oldest fund , the Lutheran Brotherhood fund , goes back to 1970 , five funds alone were started this year. The funds have been introduced by organizations representing a variety of denominations: Lutheran , Roman Catholic , Islamic , Christian Scientist , evangelical Christian , Mennonite and United Methodist. Some -- like the AAL family of funds , owned by the Aid Association for Lutherans in Appleton , Wis. , and the Lutheran Brotherhood funds
The domination of distance running by Kenyan men has been dented in recent years by Ethiopians and Moroccans. But in the marathon , the Kenyans still rule. Earlier this year , Kenyans finished first and second in Boston , first and second in Turin , Italy , first and second in Prague and first , second , third and fourth in Berlin. On Sunday , they finished first and second in the New York City Marathon with John Kagwe ( 2 hours 8 minutes 12 seconds ) and Joseph Chebet ( 2:09:27 ). Why this overwhelming success ? A day after
In what could be the start of a new trend among computer industry chiefs , both John Chambers of Cisco Systems and Larry Ellison of Oracle have invited reporters to their homes for private social events in the last two weeks. In the first , held on Nov. 6 for some California-style bonding at Mr. Chambers ' s rambling mansion in the foothills overlooking Silicon Valley , the high point was a series of contests. Nearly two dozen reporters were divided into a half-dozen teams , and each was joined by an executive from Cisco. One task was for each team to design
The season hasn ' t even started , and the Detroit Tigers have already registered a victory. They scored one over Commissioner Bud Selig , and the surprising aspect of it was he let them have it. Not a good start to the season for the commissioner. Baseball ' s impartial arbitrator may be the next to hand him a loss , that one on the John Rocker grievance. If the arbitrator , Shyam Das , should overturn or even reduce Selig ' s 73-day suspension of Rocker for his ugly comments about all sorts of groups , the commissioner would have the
They call him Stevie Franchise because of his scintillating and productive play at point guard. But today he gave Houston Rockets fans another reason to chant his nickname. As the only player on a dais filled with representatives from 12 other teams , Steve Francis watched Houston win the top pick in the N. B. A. draft lottery. " A lot of those guys looked at me like they wanted to knock the mess out of Steve Francis , " he said with a laugh. " Maybe this is the start of me working on my career outside of basketball. " At 25 , Francis still has a bright future ahead of him on the court , and it is beginning to look the same way for the Rockets. They had an 8. 9
Rivalries have long crisscrossed the Middle East in dizzying complexity over national ambitions , ideology , religion and oil wealth. Nations or groups that agreed on one point often quarreled on another. Outsiders sometimes played these divisions to their own advantage but found their plans easily undone. Take one example: revolutionary movements. When colonialists ruled , secular nationalists and religious fundamentalists could unite against Westerners , then make war on each other for power , whether in Egypt , Syria or Iran. Today , Islamist revolutionaries are on the rise , with most secular nationalists considered moderates. And it is religionists once considered America ' s allies against Communism who
Joe Jurevicius almost stayed home. Even at the airport Saturday , he thought about turning back and saying that he could not play football at a time like this , when his family needed him , when his son , Michael William , needed him. But Jurevicius , the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ' receiver and a former Giant , decided to board the plane in Tampa , Fla. , so he could stand on the field in time for yesterday ' s National Football Conference title game. One day , his son might watch a highlight of Jurevicius dashing down the Veterans Stadium field in the Buccaneers ' 27-10
FOR anyone managing a good deal of money , knowing when to sell an investment is as important as knowing when to buy. In a crisis situation , it becomes even more important. When Valujet Flight 592 crashed in the Florida Everglades on May 11 , tragically taking the lives of 110 people , James Oberweis held about 120 , 000 shares of the airline in his Oberweis Emerging Growth fund , about 1 percent of its assets. But to guide his response , Mr. Oberweis needed only to watch for a specific set of signals. And when he got them , he sold. " We have a very strict
Among the most unusual things said on American sports television in my lifetime was this , from Bill Clement , during the Olympics: " New feathers. " He also said , " Bird change request by Gao Ling , " as well as: " Once the feathers get frayed , it affects the flight of the bird , and it becomes a game of chance. You have no idea how the bird will react. " This is the language of Olympic badminton , which Clement has used during his CNBC commentary. The feathers belong to the birdie , or the shuttlecock , the object of frequently fierce whacking and subtle lobbing in singles and doubles. And , as Clement will tell you
DURING long , dark winters , many people find themselves curling up beside a fire with a cup of hot chocolate or curling up in bed with a good book. But for thousands of Americans , curling is an appealing game played on ice with special brooms and granite stones. It is also an Olympic team sport that enthusiasts say is far more challenging than it may have appeared to people who dozed off during television coverage of curling at the 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City. " Curling is often called chess on ice , " said Chris Moore , 50 , a banker in Cleveland who has been curling for more than 35 years. " It ' s intellectually challenging because all the strategy involved requires you
Meagan Cowher said her mother was always the more gifted and graceful of her parents. Kaye Cowher -- Kaye Young , at the time -- played basketball at North Carolina State and then in the Women ' s Professional Basketball League. " My father just worked harder than anyone , " Meagan Cowher said with a bright smile after practice Wednesday. Meagan ' s father is Bill Cowher , the coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers , who face the Jets on Saturday. Bill and Kaye Cowher apparently provided the eldest of their three daughters with more than bloodlines and grit. Because her parents were successful athletes , a mentor could always be found. Because her father has coached the Steelers for 13 years , Meagan Cowher became accustomed to celebrity. Resolute
To the Editor: We are deeply concerned that without serious debate , the United States has crossed the limits of acceptable practices in the treatment of prisoners at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , and other sites. The secrecy and the disdain for international law and opinion are contrary to the very ideals that our country has long stood and fought for. We are told that our country is being protected by locking up dangerous terrorists in isolated facilities in order to make us accept a breakdown of our own laws. But we do not know -- indeed , we have not been allowed any way of finding out -- if the individual prisoners are enemy combatants , Al Qaeda suspects or innocents unlucky enough to have been caught in
In normal times , even before the Christmas decorations go up , Nilton Silveira knows how he will spend the extra month ' s salary that comes at the end of each year. There are the presents for his wife and two children. There is the tree , with tinsel glistening like rain. There is the 26-hour bus ride up to see family in Bahia , the only chance the children get to know their relatives. But this year , Mr. Silveira , who works in a glove factory , fears there will be only gloves -- gloves , and scrambling like a beggar , and foreboding. Mr. Silveira , 43 , is employed by Alpha Glove Industries , a small company that is struggling , like thousands of
To the Editor: As a bookkeeper who has done payrolls for 20 years , my observations differ from those in the article. Did the economists take into consideration the amount of taxes deducted from workers ' pay ? For example , let ' s assume that a single person in New York City with no dependents makes $13. 18 an hour -- the average wage cited by the economists for production and nonsupervisory workers in manufacturing. That means gross pay of $527 a week. However , the deductions for various taxes -- including Federal , state , city , Social Security and Medicare -- leave net pay of $384 a week. Deduct living expenses ( and I am being
School is out , people have taken the week off from work and the resorts are filled with the sights and sounds of that first ski trip of the year. Hear the laughter , listen to the fireplace crackle , and cover your ears tomorrow morning when everybody tries to take that first step out of bed. The collective yelping could start an avalanche. Name a four-letter word beginning with " s " that is the very essence of winter sports ? Not snow. Sore. All skiers say they will stretch and do their wall squats so they ' re ready when the time comes , but most people ' s idea of a premountain stretch
In the world of well-paid executives and very well-paid executives , women usually fall into the first category. Not so at Scholastic , the publishing company , where Barbara A. Marcus , the president of Scholastic Book Publishing and Distribution , earns more than most of the men she works with. Scholastic finished second this year in the National Association for Female Executives ' list of the " Top 30 Companies for Executive Women " -- in part , the group said , because " Scholastic is the sole company where women best men as top earners. " Avon Products , which is
DARRIN SCHOEN ' S friends call him " the Specialist. " A 20-something construction manager , he can fix anything: tune cars , clear drains , repair masonry. When it comes to fixing his finances , though , Mr. Schoen doesn ' t know the stock market from a circular saw. He owns no securities. He has never put money anywhere except in a checking account. And recently , when Maury Zanoff , a financial planner and a friend of Mr. Schoen , gingerly said , " I don ' t know how much you know about mutual funds... , " Mr. Schoen quickly put his index finger and thumb together to signal " zero. " But several changes
Welcome to the Cartel California. Last week a report by the Independent System Operator , which runs California ' s power grid , made it more or less official: the electricity crisis in the Golden State is partly the result of market manipulation by power generators. The report alleges that generators overcharged the state ' s utilities , which distribute power to consumers , by more than $6 billion over a 10-month period. The report is almost certain to be ignored by federal authorities. But I ' ll come back to that in a minute. First , there are a couple of things
THIS is a story about the search for corporate citizenship , and a cautionary tale of money , influence and the limits of American power. The tale begins in 1925 in Augusta , Me. , where a local company provocatively named American Foreign Power and Electric legally incorporated a subsidiary , the Electric Company of Ecuador ( Emelec by its Spanish acronym ) , to serve the rapidly growing city of Guayaquil. It ' s a long way from Maine to Ecuador , but such was the reach of Yankee business ingenuity in those pre-globalization days. Foreign Power had already set up similar , quite lucrative
On a January day in 1995 , Dr. Rod Barton , a United Nations weapons inspector with a gambler ' s instinct , decided to try bluffing the Iraqis. Ever since their defeat in the Persian Gulf war , they had steadfastly denied ever making any kind of germ weapons , despite much evidence to the contrary. Dr. Barton , a 46-year-old Australian microbiologist , did not have much in his hand -- just two pieces of paper. The documents proved nothing but were provocative: They showed that in the 1980 ' s , Iraq had bought about 10 tons of nutrients for growing germs , far more than needed for civilian work , from a British company. " That was all I
Larry Johnson and Anthony Mason squared off like heavyweights who were ready to put aside basketball for boxing with 3. 7 seconds left in overtime of the Knicks ' 103-100 victory today against the Miami Heat. Mason bumped Johnson on an inbounds play underneath the Heat basket , and before he could turn , Johnson grabbed his shirt and threatened to punch him. Referee Michael Smith quickly got between the two as Johnson pointed in Mason ' s face and yelled. The altercation was just another sign of the bad blood this rivalry often generates. " Both teams like to play against each other and both teams
Seagulls and swallows swoop above Royal Troon , but Fred Couples discovered an eagle in today ' s third round of the 126th British Open. His 6-iron from 168 yards disappeared into the cup for an eagle 2 on the dreaded " Railway " par-4 , the 463-yard 11th alongside the Strathclyde Transport tracks. Playing in the next-to-last pairing , Couples and Jesper Parnevik hit virtually identical 295-yard tee shots. " Jesper hit a 7-iron , " Couples said about the second shot. " I thought I needed a bit more club so I took my 6-iron and I told my caddie , Joe LaCava , I ' d hit a good one. But it was still lucky. It bounced straight -- they don ' t always do that here --
Jerome Greenbaum , meat eater , inhaled the aroma of beef at his table in a bustling midtown Manhattan restaurant on a recent evening. He was serenely confident that the portions placed before him would taste , look -- and cost -- the same as all of those he had eaten before in this chain ' s many outlets. The restaurant itself was close to a replica of the others he had loved in Orlando , Fla. , and Chicago. In short , the number of surprises at this meal would be zero. Nada. Zip. But Mr. Greenbaum was not spending $2. 99 for a Big Mac or a Whopper. He was eating a $29. 95 porterhouse steak at the most expensive major
THERE is usually a lull along Madison Avenue as the American Association of Advertising Agencies holds its annual management conference. Now that the conference has ended , there has been a spate of developments involving the accounts of major national marketers like J. C. Penney , H &amp; R Block and Lucent Technologies. Temerlin McClain in Irving , Tex. , which lost most of the J. C. Penney account in January , is resigning its remaining assignment , effective in 90 days , creating campaigns for St. John ' s Bay , a private-label apparel line. Billings were estimated at $10 million. The resignation , which
Rod Laver , the only tennis player to twice win the four Grand Slam tournaments in one year , was conscious and off the critical list yesterday , a day after he had a stroke while being interviewed for a television show about the century ' s greatest athletes. Laver , who turns 60 on Aug. 9 , was in serious condition in the intensive care unit at U. C. L. A. Medical Center in Los Angeles. " He ' s definitely not paralyzed , " Dr. Neil Martin , co-director of the hospital ' s stroke center , told The Associated Press. But , Martin said , Laver " is not entirely out of the woods yet. " Laver was still having some difficulty speaking and had some problems with his right
The volcano finally blew 10 days ago , erupting at 9:37 P. M. in the fourth quarter of a game against Seattle. It promptly shook the timeout huddle of the Golden State Warriors. " He just went off , " the veteran Warrior guard Bimbo Coles said of his new teammate , John Starks. " He started screaming and pounding his chest , ' You gotta get hyped ! You gotta have heart ! ' It was wild. " We were all like , ' Oh. This must be the other personality. ' " Here ' s Johnny , still living and
THE really sultry weather will probably drift into this city around the Fourth of July , Dr. Jack Hasson figures , and then his asthma patients will become sicker. The humidity and air pollution will make drawing a breath bruising. On some days , after a morning run , Dr. Hasson can tell that he will be busy at work just by the way his own lungs feel. Asthma patients will stream into his pulmonology clinic , complaining that they cannot catch their breath. He will give stronger medication to most and hospitalize the frailest. " It ' s frustrating that their condition is well controlled and they do fine and then their attacks are triggered by pollution , " he said. " It just sabotages our work. " The steel mills that once fired Birmingham
Natasha Hastings sprinted to a national high school indoor record at 500 meters yesterday. But in the same race , Jearl Miles-Clark failed to lower the all-comers 500 indoor standard in the eighth annual New Balance Games at the Armory Track and Field Center in northern Manhattan. Hastings , a 16-year-old junior at A. P. Randolph High School in Manhattan and the only schoolgirl in the race , finished fourth in 1 minute 11. 84 seconds. Her time eclipsed the time of 1:12. 05 set by Tasha Downing of Boston Tech in 1987. Miles-Clark , a two-time Olympic gold medalist , was not as successful on
" I told Vice President Cheney I ' m aware of the challenges that confront your president , " Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told me after he launched Operation Protective Wall a few days ago. " There is seemingly a conflict of interests between America ' s need to establish a coalition against Saddam Hussein and Israel ' s need to fight Palestinian terror. " The Israeli leader believes this is only a " seeming " conflict , not a real one. " I ' m confident we ' ll find a way to achieve both goals , taking no steps that undermine the other ' s security. If the U. S. goes after Saddam , Israel will stand
HOW ' S your driving ? If you ' re ready for a blunt , detailed answer to that question , computer-based gadgets selling for $200 or less will provide it. The devices plug into a car ' s engine control computer and keep track of any bad behavior you might display behind the wheel -- lead-footed acceleration that wastes gasoline , for example. Some of these devices display the data immediately on a gauge , so you can watch your car ' s miles per gallon fall when you speed up. Others store the facts on a computer chip , to be downloaded later and put into charts where , for example , all extreme braking is shown with bright red lines.
Chris Martens , an ESPN producer , thought Mace Brown , a former Pittsburgh Pirate , was offering him a rare treasure recently. As a rookie pitcher in 1935 , Brown witnessed Babe Ruth ' s last three home runs , slugged in Forbes Field as a Boston Brave. And , Brown told Martens , his wife had filmed the event. " That ' s like the Holy Grail , " Martens said , recalling his anticipation. Did Brown , who turned 89 in May , have the film ? No , Brown said. About 15 years ago , the film began to disintegrate.
ONE of the great advantages of cyberspace is that it isn ' t hampered by physical space. On the Internet , someone halfway around the world is just as accessible as the person in the next cubicle. That is also one of the small drawbacks of cyberspace. It is possible to find local services like movie theaters and car dealers on the Internet by typing your ZIP code into a search box on many Web sites. But the success of these searches depends on the indexing capabilities of the particular search engine , in addition to how well the site has been registered , two factors that can vary a great deal. It may be easy to find Web sites for museums in Florence , Italy
POWER , TERROR , PEACE , AND WAR America ' s Grand Strategy in a World at Risk. By Walter Russell Mead. 226 pp. Alfred A. Knopf. $19. 95. WALTER RUSSELL MEAD is the Henry A. Kissinger senior fellow in United States foreign policy at the Council on Foreign Relations. Despite the crushing respectability of that title , Mead has earned a deserved reputation as one of the country ' s liveliest thinkers about America ' s role in the world. And in " Power , Terror , Peace , and War , " his originality has led him dangerously -- but gratifyingly -- away from respectability. Mead says , " A mix of incredulity , outrage ,
PROFESSIONAL life could not have been sweeter for Rick Brunson , the peripatetic point guard , when Pat Riley summoned him to Miami last summer and offered him not only a job , and not only a one-year guaranteed contract , but also the promise of a long run to a championship series. Everything appeared to be in place for the Heat. Brunson was a final tweak , end-of-the-bench insurance for Tim Hardaway ' s cranky knees. And then came October , and the training-camp circle around the sad-faced coach , and the shocking news that Alonzo Mourning would not be joining them anytime soon. " He kept it like the window was open , that Alonzo might still play , " Brunson
When Liberian citizens late last month deposited the corpses of their friends and loved ones , killed by rebel shells , at the gate of the American Embassy compound in the capital of Monrovia , they were not only issuing a desperate plea for salvation but also making a statement of responsibility: it is you , the United States , who must answer our prayers. But why ? Because freed American slaves settled in Liberia 180 years ago ? Do these ties of history impose a special obligation ? Can the dim colonial past exert a tug even on the hardheaded policy makers in the Bush administration ? This administration came into office vowing to avoid what one of its officials described
In September , when the snow starts to bury Grand Teton National Park , pronghorn antelope follow an ancient exit strategy. They descend from the mountains and travel more than 300 miles south to a broad treeless mesa where life is made easier by winds that scour snow off the grasses. The graceful white-rumped antelope have used that route for at least 7 , 000 years , archaeological records show. It is an arduous journey. If they leave too late , they can become trapped in deep snow and starve to death. But it is the only way they can find food. In April , they make the trip in reverse. Biologists
Last year at this time , John Hall was the Jets ' kicker in absentia. His team was in Baltimore needing a victory to get into the playoffs. He was on the inactive list , watching at home on Long Island , because Al Groh , then the Jets ' coach , had lost faith in him. Hall had missed two field goals the week before against Detroit in a driving rainstorm , including a 35-yard attempt in the closing seconds that would have sent the game into overtime. Instead , the Jets lost , 10-7 , and Groh decided to bring in Brett Conway for the Jets ' final game and their last chance to make the postseason. They were beaten by Baltimore and went home.
THE weather yesterday was inconsistent -- hard showers , clearing , soft showers -- and that was about right for Hideki Irabu. " He has this little cloud over him , " said Billy Connors , Irabu ' s personal pitching coach. " He doesn ' t know how to handle things yet. He ' s got this Jonathan Winters face. " It ' s true. The next Nolan Ryan does indeed have a dour , chubby-cheeked stare when things are not going well -- and when they are. Irabu made his return to Yankee Stadium yesterday after a tuneup session in the minor leagues , and he was the winning pitcher as the Yankees
She has been indicted and deposed and made to march before tabloid paparazzi , but Martha Stewart is now taking her case to the people , electronically. " After more than a year , the government has decided to bring charges against me for matters that are personal and entirely unrelated to the business of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia , " Ms. Stewart wrote in an open letter posted on a Web site that began operating early yesterday. " I want you to know that I am innocent -- and that I will fight to clear my name. " The site , www. marthatalks. com , is part of an offensive by Ms. Stewart in the wake of her indictment on conspiracy , obstruction of justice
FOREIGN aid , done right , can be the gift that keeps on giving -- giving back , that is. And what do we call such gifts ? Why , we call them investments , of course ! Too often , Americans think of foreign aid as charity. Throughout President Bush ' s tour through Africa , he emphasized a moral obligation to help those in need -- the less-fortunate masses. His administration ' s notion that foreign aid is best delivered by private charities and religious organizations only deepens the altruistic symbolism. Yet charity , for the most part , is the wrong way to think about foreign aid. If Americans
Jerome Bettis , the Pittsburgh Steelers running back , recalled a game against the Jacksonville Jaguars two years ago in which he had to come out because he couldn ' t breathe. Jackie Joyner-Kersee , a three-time Olympic champion in track and field , recalled the 800-meter race in the 1994 Goodwill Games heptathlon in which her breathing became so labored that I started to trot and I saw
SETON HALL 83 , DREXEL 70 Tommy Amaker did not put Drexel on Seton Hall ' s schedule for the first time in 60 years in order to put his Pirates through a highly contested gut-check of a basketball game. The Seton Hall coach rekindled the series with the Dragons because he knew that after a tough season-opening weekend in Indiana , his Pirates would need to build their confidence and enhance their record. And with superior size and athleticism , they did just that last night before a crowd of 6 , 073 at Continental Arena in East Rutherford , N. J. Behind a balanced offensive attack that yielded four players who scored at least 12 points , the Pirates ran to a solid , if
For a person who has been criticized for not being outspoken , Patrick Ewing said a mouthful Saturday night. After the Knicks escaped with a wild 89-80 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers , Ewing vented his disappointment with Madison Square Garden fans , who have booed the Knicks ( 12-6 ) regularly this season. And because Ewing will be a free agent after the season , any factor that could diminish his enthusiasm for playing in New York is worth noting. " They ' re annoying me , " Ewing said , talking calmly but firmly about Knicks fans after the game. " If they ' re going to act
Q. I have read that music is being increasingly used to provide final comfort to the terminally ill. As a musician , I ' d like to explore this area for full-time employment. K. HAYES White Plains A. Faced with an aging population , America could safely call death a growth industry. And , yes , music therapy is an area worth exploring. But don ' t quit your day job just yet; this field , like so many others in music , may not offer the easiest way to earn a living. Many of us first became aware of music therapy when it was brandished as a mood-altering weapon by Government agents. In Waco , Tex. , in 1993 , the F. B. I. tried to
Whatever the Federal Reserve does over the next few months , the American economy appears to be heading , on its own , into a period of slower economic growth. " Weaker is not bad , " said Robert D. Reischauer , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution. " We are still talking about positive economic growth. " Virtually no economist is predicting a recession , only a slowdown to perhaps half the booming annual growth rate of more than 4 percent that prevailed from October through March. Many analysts consider such rapid growth to be inflationary , if it lasts long enough.
Joseph Pellegrino , an Italian immigrant who became an executive in the pasta industry and coined the popular slogan , " Wednesday is Prince Spaghetti Day , " died last Monday at his home in Hallandale , Fla. He was 95. Mr. Pellegrino was a former chief executive at the Prince Company in Lowell , Mass. , which operated as a holding company for food brands , including Aunt Millie ' s , Dutchmaid and Prince , as well as paper and engineering products. In 1984 , Mr. Pellegrino told The Boston Globe that he came up with the " Wednesday is Prince Spaghetti Day " slogan with a friend in the advertising business in 1950. Mr. Pellegrino ' s son , Joseph P. Pellegrino , said that a friend , a Boston advertising agency executive , mentioned
Many veteran turkey hunters are already prowling hardwood hillsides trying to locate male wild turkeys , which will become legal game when New York State ' s monthlong spring season for them opens May 1. Although gobblers are bagged by those who eschew this preseason ritual , taking part in it improves your chances of success. The spring season , limited to bearded birds -- females are rarely so adorned -- comes when most hens are on their nests. There will be a few still seeking impregnation , and they are the ones the impassioned toms are after. Hunting ends at noon each day because the females don ' t usually take a daily break from sitting on their 10 to 12 eggs until that time. Hens have to eat ,
This was going to be a column on the growing isolationism of the American people. I was going to argue that in the post-Iraq era , the quickest way for an unprincipled cynic to get to the White House is by running as a smiling Democratic-Buchananite. Attack the Dubai ports deal to burnish your security credentials. Call for less foreign adventurism and more spending at home to win the Democratic base. Go hard against illegal immigration to win the working class. Rail against China and free trade deals to build support in the Midwest. Bash France just for the fun of it. Bingo ! You ' re cruising to Inauguration Day.
Baseball ' s acting commissioner will pause from his duties today -- he might even try to stay off the telephone for a few hours -- and watch his second-favorite team play. Bud Selig , board member and avid fan , will root for the Green Bay Packers to beat the New England Patriots in that other sport ' s Super Bowl. " I have a lot of things to do; otherwise I ' d be there , " Selig said , explaining why he planned to watch the game on television in Milwaukee rather than in person in New Orleans. " But I reserve the right to change my mind and pop in at the last moment. "
Less than 24 hours after the Nets clinched a spot in the postseason , a clock counting down the seconds until playoff tickets go on sale was posted on the team ' s Web site. The headline to the site ' s lead story read , " Nets Headed to Playoffs. " And after Friday night ' s victory against the Atlanta Hawks , reporters asked the Nets how it felt to have locked up a playoff spot for the fifth season in a row. The Nets ' postseason qualification seems to be a topic of discussion among everyone but the Nets themselves. Vince Carter said he did not know that his
It was Giants linebacker Corey Miller who first stated the obvious today. The first-place 6-3 Giants are locked in a public relations match with the first-place 6-3 Jets , each team trying to hold serve in the court of popular opinion , with neither side wanting to fall behind in this not-so-subtle regional rivalry. " We don ' t compete with them , but we share the same stage , " Miller said of the Jets. " If they ' re winning and it becomes our turn on the stage , then we don ' t want to stink it up. When you have the floor , you have to perform on it. " And then it ' s their turn. " So when the Giants played host to the Bengals
ROBERT LOCASCIO left his computer , took the elevator downstairs and walked into the corner Starbucks , not just for coffee and a muffin but as a way to illustrate how badly the Web treats its customers. " What ' s the difference between Frappuccino and cappuccino ? " Mr. LoCascio asked a young man behind the Starbucks counter. The young man giggled and squirmed a little , then answered , " Frappuccino is sweet. " And he briefly compared the two coffee drinks. Back upstairs in front of his computer screen , Mr. LoCascio logged onto the Starbucks Web site ( www. starbucks. com ) and tried to get the answer to the same question. Looking through the site for a while without any luck , he went to the search
ASK anyone who has just drawn a bad hand in poker if he will ever gamble again. Just deal again , he ' s likely to say. The same could be said of the information technology and media industries. Although Nasdaq ' s plunge may lead some to fold , for others , the draw of luck is worth the trouble. Last year at this time when Business Day described the best bets for 2000 , there was a tremendous sense of hope in the media and technology worlds. And some of those bets paid off: Oprah Winfrey ' s new magazine became
From the outside , the only difference between the newspaper that lands on Jerry Pennington ' s driveway each Saturday morning and the ones most of his neighbors get is the yellow plastic wrapper. Inside the wrapper , however , is a special weekend business section that represents the first steps in The Austin American-Statesman ' s experiment in tailoring the familiar daily paper to the tastes , and someday maybe even the pocketbook , of every reader. Dr. Pennington -- he is an orthopedic surgeon -- is one of nearly 23 , 000 subscribers to The American-Statesman ' s Weekly Business Review , a financial news supplement that carries the market reports and stock tables the paper dropped from its weekend editions in a money-saving move last year.
Even for business-travel lore , which is as rich in horror stories as lost luggage , Valerie Bent ' s ordeal stands out. Ms. Bent , then an executive with a dot-com company , arrived in Buenos Aires two years ago on a Varig Airlines flight from São Paulo , but her suitcase did not. She had to rush out to buy clothes for a business meeting the next morning. When the bag did not show up the following day , she made a second shopping trip. On the third day , Varig found her suitcase and promised to deliver it to her hotel within 45 minutes. After several hours ticked by
Each time Bill Glasson suffered another health setback , he wondered if his professional golf career was in jeopardy. He has endured four knee operations , elbow surgery , forearm surgery , debilitating back problems and four sinus operations. This year , Glasson missed the first two months of the P. G. A. season , still recovering from reconstructive right elbow surgery in May 1996. Forget winning tournaments , Glasson ' s goal for 1997 was simply to win enough money to keep his P. G. A. Tour card. Considering all of that , what Glasson did today was a lesson in
Eleven of Europe ' s best race horses flew into South Florida today for the Breeders ' Cup , but , while the weather seemed suitable for flying , racing officials were bedeviled by an old problem: was it suitable for racing ? The travelers found many of the 128 Breeders ' Cup horses stabled at Gulfstream Park , where the championships will be run Saturday , and they also found the main track loaded with traffic during the morning workouts. Bob Baffert alone had seven of his stars taking their final dress rehearsals , including the undefeated juvenile filly Chilukki , the great Silverbulletday and his
THE problem with doing something well is that people expect you to do even better next time. Corporate profit margins -- earnings as a percentage of revenues -- have been running at close to all-time highs , but they can improve only so much. High margins in any industry are an invitation for fresh competitors to enter the marketplace and skim some of the cream. That puts a ceiling on margins in the best of times , and as the slowing of economic output in the first quarter showed , these are not the best of times. That could make revenue growth difficult and profit growth more difficult still. Companies can also improve margins by cutting costs , but there are limits to how much
JOSEPH KINNEARY ' S inability to urinate in close proximity to other people almost cost him his job. Even now , he is fighting sanctions that have relegated him to desk work from his old perch as a boat captain for New York City. It might sound like the stuff of late-night comedy , but the anxiety disorder that plagues Mr. Kinneary is a harsh reality for a surprisingly large number of men. For some of them , it can be a career killer because it deprives them of the ability to produce urine for random drug tests. Now , though , those who suffer from the syndrome , technically called paruresis but more commonly referred to
SANDY APGAR doesn ' t just advocate telecommuting. He lives by it. Mr. Apgar , 62 , a director at Boston Consulting Group , has been working from a high-tech home office for much of the last decade while advising his big corporate clients on how they can maximize their use of real estate -- or even get rid of it when employees telecommute. Tucked away near Ruxton , Md. , a Baltimore suburb , his base of operations bears little resemblance to the nook , kitchen table or dual-purpose room that constitutes a typical home office. Mr. Apgar , whose full name is Mahlon Apgar IV , works adjacent to his home in a former garage
When the Washington Redskins officials and scouts gather for their draft meetings , there is almost a giddy feeling in the room. That is because they know what every other team knows: the Redskins will control the direction of the National Football League draft next Saturday and Sunday. The Redskins own the second and third overall picks , which almost guarantees that they will get a good player unless they make a trade. The draft is an imprecise science , and it is possible the Redskins could make a bad pick with one of those early selections. But the chances of the
There could not be a more fitting representation of the Giants ' season than what happened today in their last offensive series against the New England Patriots. Bad play-calling. Quarterback Dave Brown beginning a play by lining up under a guard instead of the center. Thomas Lewis dropping a pass that hit him dead in the chest and could have set the Giants up for an attempt at a game-winning field goal. Ugly , ugly , ugly. When the former Giant and current New England running back David Meggett took a Mike Horan punt 60 yards for a touchdown to cut the Giants ' lead to 22-17 , you could see the jaw tighten
Jets Coach Al Groh looked like the unhappiest 6-2 coach imaginable today. Midway through the season , the Jets are tied atop their division. But the problems that pockmarked their successful first half , only to be briefly concealed when the Jets produced a string of comeback victories , were on display in all their ugliness in their loss to Buffalo Sunday. So when Groh was asked today what he hoped to improve in the second half of the season , he responded , pointedly , " Interceptions and deep passes. " The Jets have given up too many of each in the first half , producing deficits that created the need for the fourth-quarter comebacks that have defined the team. With the Dolphins and the Colts sharing
The number 23 has become a benchmark for the Knicks. Last season , the number represented futility as they only won 23 games. This season , it inspires hope. If the Knicks ( 22-28 ) win one of their next three games , they will match last season ' s win total before the All-Star Game break , which would be a victory of sorts. " It ' s important , " center Eddy Curry said after practice Thursday. " It would be great to go into the All-Star break with more wins than we had last season , just so we can have those days to kind of reflect back and come back in revitalized. " In their finale last season , the Knicks defeated
Four men arrested for falsely posing as American government officials and illegally detaining Afghans were conducting their own self-styled antiterrorism campaign , Afghan and American officials said Thursday. The four men , three of them Americans , illegally held eight Afghans for 12 days in the basement of a house where they had set up a fake export company , the officials said. " Three foreigners made up their own group and pretended they were against those who conduct terrorist operations , " Ali Ahmed Jalali , Afghanistan ' s interior minister , said Thursday at a news conference. " They were actually outlaws. " Three of the Afghans who were detained were brothers who had past ties to the political party of Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , a pro-Taliban commander , but officials said none of them were involved in terrorism and were , in fact , now employees of
BASEBALL American League ANAHEIM ANGELS--Recalled INF Alfredo Amezaga from Salt Lake of the PCL. Purchased the contract of C Sal Fasano from Salt Lake. Designated RHP Elvin Nina for assignment. BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Placed LHP Yorkis Perez on the 60-day disabled list. Purchased the contract of LHP Eric DuBose from Bowie of the Eastern League. BOSTON RED SOX--Announced the resignation of Dr. Arthur Pappas , medical director. TEXAS RANGERS--Purchased the contract of LHP Ben Kozlowski from Tulsa of the Texas League. Moved INF-OF Frank Catalanotto from the 15-day to the 60-day disabled list. Announced a player development contract with Spokane of the Northwest League through the 2004
When Oksana Boudanoval joined Martin Frankel ' s entourage three years ago , the surroundings were flush with money and talk of future success. Mr. Frankel appeared to be earning huge profits from his string of insurance companies , and he lavished fur coats , jewelry , and even Mercedes cars on a widening circle of consorts , small-time businessmen and hangers-on. Most lived off his largess , professed their loyalty to him and knew little , they say , about his business dealings , which authorities now say they believe involved the wholesale theft of the insurance companies ' assets. Over the last year , as state regulators began to turn up the heat on Mr. Frankel , life in his well-heeled
I ' M glad I ' m not in my daughter Marian ' s shoes. She has just started her junior year of high school , and this is when the march to college becomes a sprint. Marian , 16 , has set her sights on schools in New Haven and New York , so she has loaded herself down with honors and advanced placement classes , refuses to cut back her extracurricular activities and has hung on to her part-time summer job to fatten up her savings account. It ' s a lot of work for her , but I ' m not off the hook either. I ' ve got to
IN June 1999 , an otherwise healthy John Shea had a seizure at his home in Meriden. He was rushed to the hospital. The diagnosis: a rare form of cancer known as a glioblastoma multiforme. Six months later , one of his closest friends from his job at Pratt &amp; Whitney in North Haven , John Greco , dropped a cup of coffee during a casual conversation. Mr. Greco was unable to speak. He , too , was rushed to the hospital. The diagnosis was the same: glioblastoma multiforme. The men ' s wives , also friends , were astounded. " We both looked at each other and said ' Whoa , ' " said Mr. Shea ' s wife , Carol. " How could this be coincidence ?
Brian Cashman was still an assistant general manager with the Yankees when an official from the Oakland Athletics raised the possibility of trading Scott Brosius to New York last fall. " I don ' t think so , " Cashman told Billy Beane , then assistant general manager for Oakland. " But let me check with my people. " Cashman was negotiating , of course , immediately responding with lack of interest. But Cashman had communicated his own instincts as well: No way. He knew Brosius was coming off a bad year , and he knew Brosius would be in line to make a decent salary.
Petr Korda , reviving a career plagued by injuries , upset the United States Open champion Patrick Rafter yesterday to set up a clash with the big-serving Richard Krajicek in the final of the Eurocard Open in Stuttgart , Germany. Korda won , 6-4 , 7-6 ( 7-3 ) , as his fluid game proved too steady for the more erratic Rafter. Krajicek , the 1996 Wimbledon champion , overcame Jonas Bjorkman , 6-4 , 3-6 , 6-3. Rafter , ranked No. 3 in the world , would have moved up to No. 2 had he won the tournament. The Australian was the highest-ranked player left in the $2. 05 million event. Korda had beaten
This time , the revolution may be telecast on premium cable. Among the increasingly vocal , yet frustrated and fragmented , reformers of sport , the only point of agreement seems to be that sometime soon , perhaps between the Bowl Championship Series and the Final Four , something will happen to alert America to its runaway athletic culture. There is no consensus on what form that wake-up call should take. Conservative reformers hope that the National Collegiate Athletic Association will pinch and weed its wild garden of rules and enforce violations more aggressively. Centrists see college presidents reining in their warlord coaches by the purse strings.
Jim Calhoun keeps a crude wooden box on the desk in his office. Just a block of wood with hinges on the back , a few words across the lid and a few more inside. But this relic offers a peek into who the intense basketball coach at the University of Connecticut is , and why he is who he is. Etched across the top of the box is " The secret to success.... " Open the lid for the answer and " Hard work ! " is scrawled across the bottom of the box. The words leap out like a gag snake twisting out of a can. It might sound trite , but , with Calhoun , the words are true. He is a passionate coach who
National Public Radio has quietly inaugurated its first Internet-only radio program. " All Songs Considered , " available in a streaming audio format from the show ' s Web site ( www. npr. org/programs/asc ) , features full-length versions of the brief musical excerpts heard between segments on NPR ' s " All Things Considered " news magaine. Although NPR makes some of its on-air shows available through its Web site , the leap by a major radio organization into Internet-only programming helps validate the concept of using the Web to " narrow-cast " to a smaller listener base. Bob Boilen serves as the disc jockey for " All Songs Considered.
Vinny Testaverde , the Jet quarterback , said today that he had enlisted another kind of jet for off-season workouts. He bought a jet plane for commuting to the team ' s drills from his home in Tampa , a move that should keep both player and coach happy. " It will be a great convenience for me to go back and forth , " said Testaverde , who was a finalist for Miller Lite ' s National Football League player of the year award , won by Randall Cunningham. The off-season-workout regimen had been an issue in the early renegotiating
IT had been a long , hot weekend securing the beaches of Punta Cana , on the tourist stronghold of the Dominican Republic. The coral had taken its toll on the snorkel team. Some of us got pinned down by the pool without sunscreen. Mosquitoes the size of Messerschmitts dive-bombed the tennis courts. Somehow our four-man , four-woman squad made it out alive. Peace is hell. Heading stateside on a T. W. A. civilian transport , one of the boys handed over the May issue of Esquire , and there it was: " Ghost Soldiers , " an excerpt from a new book about
With Mayor Rudolph Giuliani at his side , Gov. George Pataki unveiled a broad plan on Tuesday to make New York economically whole in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks on the World Trade Center. He asked the federal government for $54 billion to carry it out. The plan , which would reimburse the city and state for everything from cleanup costs to lost tax revenues , is undeniably comprehensive. It is also an excessively ambitious wish list that is too diffuse to generate the kind of support that can be realistically expected from Washington. The two politicians should refine the list , focus on recovery and hew closely to
The Knicks have won their last 14 home games. Tonight , they play host to the Boston Celtics , one of the worst teams in the National Basketball Association. Sounds like an easy night for New York. And that is what worries Jeff Van Gundy , the Knicks ' coach. The Knicks ( 30-13 ) , hoping to avoid a letdown , will try to beat Boston for the third time this month , but they may be shorthanded. John Starks missed yesterday ' s practice with a sore right collarbone , the same injury that forced him to miss four games last week. Starks played in Sunday ' s 95-89 victory over the Miami Heat , but the soreness returned
What once looked like a fairly straightforward trip for the United States Davis Cup team against Zimbabwe next week is now getting complicated. Pete Sampras , who tore a hip flexor early in his Australian Open semifinal loss to Andre Agassi on Thursday night , will miss the first-round cup match Feb. 4-6. Todd Martin , who is sick , is questionable as well. Andre Agassi will now have a much more essential role to play in Harare after he finishes here against Yevgeny Kafelnikov in Sunday ' s final. Sampras is expected to be sidelined for three to four weeks with the hip flexor injury. A magnetic resonance imaging scan conducted this morning revealed a significant
It was not quite the daily double at the Meadowlands , but today ' s running of the Keirin cycling race was a reminder that not all Olympic sports have the heroic pedigree of the decathlon. The Keiren ( pronounced KAY-rin ) is making its debut in these Olympics. It has thrived in Japan since the 1940 ' s , where it is the object of huge parimutuel betting. The appeal of the race is its flukiness. That unpredictability proved poison to the top American cyclist , Marty Nothstein , who on Wednesday won the first track-cycling gold medal for the United
Martha Stewart ' s lawyer wasted no time yesterday suggesting that his client had become a target for government prosecutors on account of her fame. " Is it for publicity purposes , because Martha Stewart is a celebrity ? " her lawyer , Robert Morvillo , asked in a statement challenging the motives behind her indictment on charges of securities fraud and obstruction of justice. The lead federal prosecutor in the case , James B. Comey , insisted that the answer to that question was no. " Martha Stewart is being prosecuted not for who she is , but because of what she did , "
In Jack Wolfinger ' s bright and sparingly furnished bedroom , clothes are scattered around , befitting the teen-ager who lives here. When he looks out the front window , he sees two basketball hoops in the driveway of the five-gabled Cape Cod house in this affluent Fairfield County town , 50 miles from Manhattan. Redding is about 2 , 500 miles from Wolfinger ' s hometown of Portland , Ore. , but it is light-years away from his former surroundings. Before coming here last May , Wolfinger , now 19 years old , had lived alone from the age of 15 while attending Woodrow Wilson High School in Portland somewhat sporadically. Now , the 6-foot-11-inch Wolfinger lives what he calls a " Brady Bunch " life
WHILE many hedge funds cushioned the impact of last year ' s market decline , there were some spectacular failures. Investors in Gotham Holdings , a small fund based in New York , ended the year down 90 percent as the hedge fund ' s technology portfolio plunged. The young manager , Russell Anmuth , who graduated from the University of Michigan in 1993 , held on during the technology wreck last spring and then invested more in his technology favorites as the market tumbled through the summer. Two investors in the fund who described their losses and provided some letters from the manager seemed to know little about Mr. Anmuth ' s background , except that he had won
THERE is no way that the television sportscaster Bob Costas , at 5 feet 7 and 49 years of age , could compete on a basketball court against Shaquille O ' Neal , the star center of the Los Angeles Lakers. But Mr. Costas once went one-on-one against Shaq in an investment contest. And lost. Or did he ? In an E*Trade promotion in 1998 , each celebrity picked a hypothetical portfolio of six stocks , aiming for the best performance in a typical time horizon for a day trader: six weeks. Mr. O ' Neal , who bragged that he was a " digital type guy , " posted
Edith Hirsch , a former commodities economist , died on Jan. 7 at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington , D. C. She was 103. Edith Hirsch and her husband , Julius , who was a macroeconomist , formed a consulting group in New York in 1941. Their clients included Levi Strauss , RCA , Bayer Pharmaceuticals and Schenley Distillers. Mrs. Hirsch specialized in agriculture trends and food distribution. Mrs. Hirsch received a bachelor ' s degree in economics from the University of Heidelberg in 1925. The Hirsches fled Berlin in the 1930 ' s , and they emigrated from Copenhagen after Germany invaded Denmark
It was nearly midnight Tuesday when Richard Su , a volunteer driver who had been shuttling people from hospital to hospital in search of injured relatives and friends , came for Lynette Mohammed. She was looking for her husband , Boyie , a stock trader at Carr Futures , on the 93rd floor of 2 World Trade Center. Mrs. Mohammed had been waiting for two hours by New School University on West 11th Street , where the nearby St. Vincent ' s Manhattan Hospital was giving hourly lists of newly admitted patients to the 200 or so people gathered there. Her husband ' s name was not on them. "
From the most raked-over historical fields to the latest technology , scholars and researchers continually manage to ask new questions , rethink old verities and produce fresh insights. Arts &amp; Ideas takes an occasional look at what some of today ' s thinkers -- the established as well as those who yearn to be -- are working on. Some ideas may turn into breakthroughs and others may turn out to be dead ends , but the journey is rarely boring. Here is a handful of works in progress. Why do bond and securities traders trade the way they do ? That ' s the question Caitlin Zaloom , an anthropologist at the University of California at Berkeley , is trying to answer.
Any realists affiliated with the Mets figured this was coming. They crossed their fingers , their legs and their toes each time a fly ball was hit to Todd Hundley , but it was inevitable that , sooner or later , the catcher hiding in the outfield would hurt the Mets with his defense. It happened sooner. It happened last night. Three excruciating times. Hundley ' s initial misplay led to three Phillies runs in the first inning. The Mets tried to erase that deficit for nine futile innings before succumbing to Philadelphia , 4-2 , at Shea Stadium. Like Hundley , the Mets failed miserably. Two of Philadelphia ' s first-inning runs scored because of Hundley ' s weak judgment in left field , and the
Hope flitted in and out of the Knicks ' consciousness on Wednesday , but was ultimately crushed by a tide of health concerns and hints of internal strife. Eddy Curry ' s best performance in a Knicks uniform was cut short by an aggravated calf injury. Quentin Richardson ' s balky back flared again , forcing him to the bench. And Stephon Marbury was so uncharacteristically demure on offense that Coach Larry Brown questioned whether he wanted to score at all. The end result was a 105-95 loss to the Orlando Magic that left the Knicks as mentally and physically distressed as they have been at any point this season. It was their ninth loss in
As if on cue , a soaking rain gave way to breezy sunshine today as the victorious French soccer team paraded down the Champs-Elysees in an open-air bus , carrying the World Cup championship trophy and the well wishes of an entire nation. Today ' s celebration , which followed wild jubilation after Sunday ' s 3-0 victory over Brazil , was further confirmation of how completely a once-indifferent country had become smitten with its soccer team. When the tournament began on June 10 , there was more than big-city indifference in Paris. There was hostile anti-soccer feeling in some quarters. Bartok , a bar in the Bastille section , began the World Cup with a party to puncture soccer balls. Women were said to be
No one is likely to accuse Rick Smolan and David Elliot Cohen of having bad ideas. But the question of who owns those ideas has grown contentious. Mr. Smolan and Mr. Cohen , who are perhaps best known for creating the " Day in the Life " series of photography books in the 1980 ' s , have come up with an ambitious 21st-century version , called " America 24/7. " At 12:01 this morning , more than 1 , 000 professional photographers and tens of thousands of amateurs and students were to begin fanning out across the country to shoot a week
Despite creeping parity and the absence of the United States from the final of the Women ' s World Cup , power in women ' s soccer remains concentrated in North America and in northern Europe. The United States will face Canada on Saturday in the match for third place at the Home Depot Center in Carson , Calif. , and Germany will play Sweden on Sunday in the championship game there. Only the United States ( twice ) and Norway ( once ) have won the Women ' s World Cup. If Germany wins Sunday , it would be the first country to produce world
Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki demanded the removal of American checkpoints from the streets of Baghdad on Tuesday , in what appeared to be his latest and boldest gambit in an increasingly tense struggle for more independence from his American protectors. Mr. Maliki ' s public declaration seemed at first to catch American commanders off guard. But by nightfall , American troops had abandoned all the positions in eastern and central Baghdad that they had set up last week with Iraqi forces as part of a search for a missing American soldier. The checkpoints had snarled traffic and disrupted daily life and commerce throughout the eastern part of the city. The language of the declaration , which implied that Mr. Maliki had the power to
AS trading moved toward a close on the worst day in stock market history , a crowd of young investment bankers gathered around the fringes of the trading floor at one of Wall Street ' s premier firms. They did not work on the trading floor , and arguably had no business being on it. But there they stood , in stunned silence , watching the electronic ticker tape march across the wall. It did not matter to them that the prices on the tape were hopelessly out of date , an hour or more old and , in some cases , dozens of dollars higher than the real prices at which trades were being made. The bankers were watching what was obviously an epochal event , wondering if it meant the end of their careers and of the
Ooh , Circa ' 94 Are America Online ' s promotional CD-ROM ' s -- those shrink-wrapped discs that regularly appear in your mailbox -- junk mail or pop-culture artifacts ? To John Lieberman and Jim McKenna , technology professionals from San Francisco , those seemingly ubiquitous CD ' s , which cannot be used for any other computer-related purpose , are " needless pollution. " Through their Web site , at www. nomoreaolcds. com , the two have embarked on an online mission to amass one million of the discs and deliver them to AOL ' s headquarters in Dulles , Va. Since August , Mr. McKenna said , he has
Luxury means different things to different people. To Stephen M. Case , a founder of AOL , who now runs a company called Revolution which invests in resorts , " it ' s less about the trinkets and more about the experiences you take away. " He will discuss his " new definition of luxury " on Tuesday at a conference in Carlsbad , Calif. , sponsored by American Express , which publishes several luxury magazines. A favorite among these experiences for Mr. Case , his wife , Jean , and their five children was a holiday at a vacation home in Costa Rica operated by Exclusive Resorts -- a Revolution company , of
After Baghdad fell , Lt. Col. Amer Abdullah al-Rubaie stayed at home and waited to resume his career as an officer in the Iraqi Army. To Colonel Rubaie , a special forces instructor and son of a retired general , it seemed reasonable to assume that he would keep his privileged position in the military even if it meant serving a new master. Holed up in his spacious government-subsidized villa on the edge of the capital , he had never taken up arms against American troops , he said. He was fit , ready and pleased that Saddam Hussein was no longer his commander in chief. But
THOUGH United States stock fund managers turned in a terrific average return of nearly 24 percent for all of last year , the final quarter was much trickier to navigate. They had to contend with ever-growing problems in Asia and the resulting stock market turbulence worldwide -- and many managers fared poorly at year-end. One who did not was Bill Nygren , who runs the Oakmark Select fund. Not only did he post a stellar one-year return , but his performance for the quarter gained him a top-20 ranking among United States diversified funds with $30 million or more in assets. Also in that league for the quarter were Samuel C. Harvey
Three months before the most difficult election of Chancellor Helmut Kohl ' s career , some economists say he is buying as many new jobs as the German Government can afford. The Government reported today that the number of unemployed workers declined by 223 , 400 in May , one of the biggest monthly reductions in years. Officials called the report evidence of a turnaround in German joblessness , which edged down to 11. 2 percent from 11. 3 percent in April. Coming after reports last week that the economy grew at a surprisingly strong annual rate of 3. 8 percent in the first three months of this year , the new statistics are expected to help Mr. Kohl ' s struggling campaign
For two days , Marcus Camby had no strength for basketball , deeply shaken by the hostage situation that his family members endured Monday and that he and they had been reliving since. Yet after gratefully accepting flowers , food baskets and phone calls at home Tuesday , Camby , the Knicks ' center , needed a reprieve. He returned to practice at Purchase College this morning , embraced by his teammates and comforted by familiarity , though aware it would be a long while before he returned to some sort of normality. " This is where I want to be , " Camby said in a somber , almost fragile , voice , speaking publicly for the first time since the standoff ended; there were nearly 70 reporters and cameras around him. " Being in the house , being surrounded by all the
They played with passion , aggression and heart. All the buzzwords that Coach Fran Fraschilla is hoping will someday be synonymous with St. John ' s basketball. But it was talent and depth that proved the difference yesterday afternoon at Madison Square Garden , two things that the Villanova Wildcats have far more of than the Red Storm. After playing an inspiring first half in which it came away with a 2-point lead , the Red Storm was worn down by the Wildcats , who outlasted St. John ' s , 82-70 , before a crowd of 10 , 283. Villanova , ranked No. 5 in the Associated Press news media poll , used the sterling play of the senior guard Alvin Williams and the inside power of center Jason Lawson to overcome a credible effort by St. John ' s. Williams keyed the Wildcats ' transition game and piled up
A sleep-deprived Bill Parcells would not allow the Jets to believe that close is good enough today. " These particular kinds of games are hard to get over , " the Jets ' coach said. " If we win , it would have been a monster step for us -- beating a division champion , on the road. " Beating the Patriots at Foxboro Stadium would have given the Jets more victories this season than they had all of last season. They would have been in a three-way tie for the division lead. Instead , their record has fallen to 1-2 as they continue to try to learn how not to lose. It takes time. They are 5-35 in their last 40 games. Parcells did not
It was like a silent movie. Crown Prince Abdullah , cloaked in regal yellow , was seated at a large desk , peering at a set of papers resting on a small wooden platform. Periodically he waved an aide to his side for whispered consultations. Several dozen other men assembled in the sunny room stood at attention. The only motion was an occasional flutter of the pencil in the crown prince ' s right hand as he made a notation. The scene struck me as an example of the gap between the antiquated governing structures of Saudi Arabia and the very modern economic and social challenges the country faces. There are not many real monarchies left.
CLAUDIO DEL VECCHIO fondly remembers the scent of oil at his father ' s eyeglasses factory in Agordo , in the Italian Alps. As a teenager , Mr. Del Vecchio worked there during summers , cutting metal frames for sunglasses and earning one lira for every cardboard box he folded. " I loved it -- I loved to be able to say , ' I created something , ' " he said. These days , at his headquarters here in north central Connecticut , Mr. Del Vecchio is creating a mini-empire of fashion and jewelry retailers through his private holding company , Retail Brand Alliance. Last month , he agreed to acquire Brooks Brothers , the 183-year-old
If anyone can persuade , cajole , coerce or at least calm the unruly jury weighing the case against two former Tyco executives , it may be Justice Michael J. Obus of New York State Supreme Court , in the view of some outside lawyers and others who know him. Certainly the Tyco case may be putting the group-counseling skills of the 55-year-old justice to the test. Last week , jurors appeared to be irreparably divided as they weighed charges that Tyco ' s former chief executive , L. Dennis Kozlowski , and its former chief financial officer , Mark H. Swartz , essentially stole hundreds of millions of dollars from the company. On Thursday , the jury sent notes warning the justice that the atmosphere in the jury room
Efforts by True North Communications to acquire Bozell , Jacobs , Kenyon &amp; Eckhardt took a big step forward yesterday when a Federal judge in Illinois granted True North a temporary restraining order against attempts by a former partner , Publicis S. A. , to derail the deal. True North had sought to enjoin Publicis in a countersuit filed last Wednesday , which answered a suit filed on Nov. 26 by Publicis Communication , the advertising arm of Publicis in Paris. Publicis , which owns 18. 4 percent of the shares of Chicago-based True North , sued to block the acquisition on the ground that it cost too much and would not
LAST May , Dave DeBusschere , the former New York Knicks star , collapsed and died from a heart attack at age 62 while walking to lunch in Lower Manhattan. Subsequent reports described him as having appeared fit. An article in The New York Times said that the 6-foot-6 Mr. DeBusschere was " not much over his playing weight of 235 pounds " and had " no apparent symptoms of ill health. " Coronary heart disease is the leading cause of death among American men , claiming more than 260 , 000 lives each year. According to the Framingham Heart Study of the National Institutes of Health , nearly half of all coronary deaths affect people , like Dave DeBusschere
The oak furniture. The neckties and starched shirts. The hushed banter of secretaries outside large corner offices. And the steady , predictable stream of profits generated by the dominant local telephone company in the Southeast. At its corporate headquarters in a nondescript high-rise here , it seems as if BellSouth remains untouched by the frenzied changes that have shaken the telecommunications world in recent years. Among the seven regional Bell companies that emerged from the 1984 breakup of AT&amp;T , only BellSouth is still , primarily , a regional phone company. A mere five years ago it was the biggest of the Baby Bells. After a wave of mergers and takeovers in the industry , however , BellSouth has been eclipsed , currently ranking No. 3 of the four remaining Bells. And yet , by forgoing national expansion to focus on local service in the same nine states
If the owners somehow ratify the labor agreement at their meeting in Chicago on Wednesday , Major League Baseball will have a new economic scorekeeping system. The revolutionary luxury tax will change how player payrolls are computed. Scheduled to be in effect for the next three seasons , the luxury tax is designed to put a drag on player salaries by inducing teams to lower their payrolls to avoid paying the tax. The new method for computing payrolls will differ in four ways from the long-used system: *Average annual value of multiyear contracts will be the basic figures used instead of yearly salary plus a prorated share of a bonus. *Contracts for a team ' s 40-man roster will be included instead of limiting the payroll to players who are on a team '
IT was simply a deal about basketball and business , Don Nelson said. The Dallas Mavericks made a trade with the San Antonio Spurs on draft day last June. The Mavericks received the Spurs ' first-round pick , the 29th and last of the first round , 19-year-old Leon Smith out of Martin Luther King High School in Chicago. There had been a conditional arrangement to have the 6-foot-11-inch Smith play one season in a developmental league. " It just seemed like a logical thing for everyone , " Nelson said wearily the other day from his hotel room in Charlotte. He had just been interrupted from an afternoon nap , recovering from a wee-hours arrival
On Jan. 15 , 1995 , with fanfare and international publicity , 14 gray wolves from Canada were released in the midst of the world ' s largest elk and buffalo herds , to be the seed , it was hoped , of a new breeding population in the Northern Rockies. Fifty-two more wolves were released here and in Idaho in 1995 and 1996. Now , buttressed by the return of wolves that migrated from Canada to northern Montana on their own , the wolf is back in the West after a half century ' s absence , in remarkably short order. More than 700 wolves now roam the Northern
Members of America ' s professional and managerial classes have always left college and graduate school confident of at least one thing: Unless they let their driver ' s licenses lapse , they had taken their last test. Charm , cunning and a record of accomplishment would propel them up the corporate ladder. Say goodbye to all that. A growing number of companies , from General Motors and American Express to Norwest Mortgage and Supervalu , are no longer satisfied with traditional job interviews. They are making applicants for many white-collar jobs -- for top executives on down -- run a gantlet of paper-and-pencil tests , role-playing exercises , decision-making simulations and brain-teasers.
The Irish real estate group bidding for the beleaguered Millennium Dome in London has hit a snag in negotiations with the British government over a profit-sharing proposal , people close to the talks say. The group , called Legacy , has bid $:125 million ( $184 million ) to turn the site -- which cost $:850 million ( $1. 25 billion ) to build -- into a high-tech business park. The possibility of profit sharing is a new topic , introduced this week. Only a flat price was discussed before. Negotiations are expected to be complete by early February. Legacy became a preferred bidder after negotiations with Nomura International , the Japanese bank
Money talks , in any currency , in any language , in any business , including a locked-out National Hockey League. Monetary incentives are evident in the increasing exodus of N. H. L. players to professional teams in Europe. The warring sides are not discussing their bitter financial fight , and there have been no negotiations since Sept. 9. The lockout began Sept. 15; the regular season was to open Oct. 13. According to the International Ice Hockey Federation , 276 N. H. L. players have signed with European teams. That number would stock almost half the prestigious North American circuit , where 30 teams dress 20 players for every game. The migration to Europe could be a factor in the negotiations
CNN announced another change in its top management yesterday , appointing Jonathan Klein , who used to be the No. 2 executive at CBS News , as president of the company ' s domestic network. The move is the latest in what has been four years of executive upheaval at the network , whose once-dominant ratings position in cable news has been wiped away by the surging Fox News Channel. Mr. Klein essentially succeeds Princell Hair as the top day-to-day executive at CNN/U. S. , as CNN ' s domestic operation is known. Mr. Hair , who was given another position at the network yesterday , had been in the
Lou Kusserow , an outstanding back who ran for two touchdowns in Columbia ' s monumental football upset of Army in 1947 and later became a producer for NBC Sports , died June 30 at his home in Rancho Mirage , Calif. He was 73. The cause of death was complications from prostate cancer , according to his son Lou , a freelance producer and director for ESPN. When Columbia met Army on Oct. 25 , 1947 , in the middle of the season at the old Baker Field in Manhattan , Army was the powerhouse of college football. The Cadets had not lost in four years , and their unbeaten streak of 32 games
The rain resumed at Wimbledon on Saturday and so did the waiting game , a game that causes Andy Roddick nearly as much anxiety as the one that involves forehands , two-handed backhands and huge serves. " I struggle , " Roddick said this week. " I mean , I ' m not good for sitting around with nothing to do. " Roddick , a fast-talking and quick-witted 21-year-old , has nervous energy to burn , and it was difficult to burn much Saturday afternoon as rain washed out the entire day ' s play , forcing Roddick and his third-round opponent , Taylor Dent ,
Tiger Woods is not ready to surrender the PGA Tour money title , or the player of the year award , just yet. Playing a round that was both brilliant and dominant , Woods held a five-stroke lead heading into Saturday ' s third round of the American Express Championship. Simply put , Woods was in a class by himself on Friday. He shot a four-under-par 66 on a difficult day at the Capital City Club , where the average score was 74. Only four players in the 72-player field managed to break par. Woods is seven under for the tournament , five strokes ahead of four players tied for second place -- K. J. Choi ( 71 ) , Sergio García ( 73 )
Talk about reshaping a company. Just seven years ago , VNU N. V. was a sleepy Dutch purveyor of content , through its ownership of newspapers and television stations in the Netherlands and an array of magazines across Europe. But as it watched its leading Dutch rivals , Elsevier and Wolters Kluwer , embark on global expansion programs , VNU worried that it would fall far behind. " We were not as advanced as they were , " VNU ' s chief financial officer , Frans Cremers , recalled. " We were the ugly duckling. " The transformation has been striking. Through acquisitions totaling more than
The Florida Marlins want to finish off the Yankees and win the World Series tonight. They have the advantage in games , three to two , but they will not concede a game to bring back their best starter , Josh Beckett , on his normal four days ' rest for a possible Game 7 tomorrow. Marlins Manager Jack McKeon is going for it now. McKeon announced yesterday that he would start Beckett , the brash right-hander , on three days ' rest in Game 6 at Yankee Stadium. If that does not work , McKeon will start Carl Pavano in Game 7. Pavano , who mastered the Yankees in
When Sammy Sosa and the Chicago Cubs left Wrigley Field last weekend for the West Coast , Sosa had just tied Mark McGwire in their home run race by belting four in the three-game series against Milwaukee , and the Cubs had staged two dramatic come-from-behind victories. In their return home yesterday , Sosa and the Cubs lacked last weekend ' s flair. Sosa went 0 for 4 in a 6-4 loss to the Cincinnati Reds , and the Cubs managed just 6 hits , without a home run , let alone any late-inning heroics. Sosa ' s performance , in front of more than 40 family members whom the Cubs had flown in from the Dominican Republic as a surprise , left him one
In-Flight Meals , for Bats Air forces pride themselves on their ability to scramble and intercept any intruder. But a jet fighter , it seems , has nothing on a greater noctule bat , which apparently can intercept , capture and eat migrating birds in flight. Bird-eating bats are rare , and most reports of the phenomenon involve bats in the tropics capturing birds at rest. But new research by Spanish scientists , published this week in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , shows that the greater noctule bat , the largest European bat with a wingspan on the
Does the Bush administration know what it ' s doing in the Middle East ? Reading last week ' s newspaper reports , one might have doubts. On Thursday , a team from the Palestinian Authority met in the White House with the national security adviser , Condoleezza Rice , and was photographed with Secretary of State Colin Powell. One member of this Palestinian team was the newly appointed interior minister , Abdel Razak Yehiyeh , the man given the Herculean task of reforming the Palestinian security services. It made sense to meet with him. But why were the president ' s most senior advisers also meeting with Saeb Erekat , the man appointed by
The National Football League is planning to let its four television partners wire its players with microphones and put miniature cameras inside their helmets during preseason games. " The idea is to experiment in the preseason and see how it works , " said Greg Aiello , a spokesman for the league. If the plan works out , the technological toys could be used in the regular season. " But it may not be likely for this season , " Aiello said. He added that the most likely player to wear a " HelmetCam " or a microphone would be the quarterback so viewers
The cellophane-covered , two-inch-thick book , titled " The Restoration of Fordham Basketball , Phase I , " is propped on a shelf behind Coach Bob Hill ' s desk at Rose Hill Gymnasium in the Bronx. The book , a compilation of Hill ' s first season at Fordham , tells of a successful but not joyful year. " Last year was about tearing down and building up , " Hill said , " and getting them to buy into the proper behavior pattern that a major college program has to instill and embrace -- from how to eat a meal to the importance of going to class to the importance of going to study table to being professional as a student , doing your work every day and looking at the court as a laboratory. " In
Doubts that Aetna Inc. got its billion dollar ' s worth when it bought the Prudential health care business last year have sent Aetna shares tumbling more than 12 percent in the last two days. The plunge followed complaints by Wall Street analysts that Aetna , the nation ' s largest health insurer , failed at a meeting with investors Monday to explain how the deal would deliver the immediate increases in profits that Aetna had projected. Aetna shares dropped to $60 , a two-year low on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday , and rebounded to $61. 75 at the close , a drop of $5. 1875 , following a $3. 0625 decline Monday. Analysts said , for example , that Aetna officials did not provide current membership totals for Prudential , which lost more than one million members in
On several levels , the Devils ' 3-2 victory tonight over the Phoenix Coyotes was special. It was their ninth in a row , the longest winning streak in franchise history. For the veteran goalie John Vanbiesbrouck , his 17-save performance was a successful debut just two days after arriving in a trade to back up Martin Brodeur. " Nice to be a part of it this soon , yeah , " said Vanbiesbrouck , who was sensitive about replacing the popular Chris Terreri. " I can hope it gets some things over. I want to be a part of this team and be accepted. " For Scott Gomez , who set up the first
WHILE 42 million Americans are without health insurance , the plight of those who work for small businesses is among the most vexing. Many candidates for public office have taken on the issue this year but have offered limited proposals. Vice President Al Gore likes a 25 percent tax credit for small-business owners , to encourage the purchase of benefits , and Gov. George W. Bush has talked vaguely about letting companies cross state lines to buy insurance. Others like the idea of purchasing coalitions , in which many businesses get together to buy insurance as if they were one big employer. Scores of local organizations have
With American corporations under increasing pressure to cut costs and build global supply networks , two senior I. B. M. officials told their corporate colleagues around the world in a recorded conference call that I. B. M. needed to accelerate its efforts to move white-collar , often high-paying , jobs overseas even though that might create a backlash among politicians and its own employees. During the call , I. B. M ' s top employee relations executives said that three million service jobs were expected to shift to foreign workers by 2015 and that I. B. M. should move some of its jobs now done in the United States , including software design jobs ,
Jonathan Combs is the kind of player Poly Prep Coach Dino Mangiero looks for. Combs is a serious young man , and his father was a three-year letterman at linebacker at Northwestern. " He ' s a very hard-working kid , " said Mangiero , a former N. F. L. player. " Good genes plus a great work ethic usually adds up to a heck of a football player. " Thanks in part to Combs ' s leadership , Poly Prep of Brooklyn is 5-0 and 10th in USA Today ' s national ranking. The
NASA engineers managed on Monday to reproduce the type of computer crashes that have befallen the Mars rover Spirit since last week. If the root cause has been found , as engineers hope , the rover may return to complete health and resume its science mission in a week. The suspected cause will be familiar to any computer user who multitasks too much: too many files were open. A flaw in the rover programs allows the creation of an unlimited number of files , and the computer crashed trying to handle them , mission managers said. " It should only take a couple of days to work around it , " a manager , Dr. Mark Adler , said. " I think within , on the order of a week , if we '
BOTH good and bad news emerges from a historical review of the market cycle as it relates to initial public offerings. The good news is that the stock market will not forever remain as unreceptive to I. P. O. ' s as it is currently -- so unreceptive , in fact , that only three companies went public in January and six in February , according to a database maintained by Prof. Jay Ritter of the University of Florida. The bad news is that it could be a long time before I. P. O. volume returns to the levels set just
By 9 a. m. on Wednesday , José Reyes had cut his curls. Mike Piazza had shaved his last remaining specks of stubble. Mike Cameron had removed his ubiquitous headphones. As Manager Willie Randolph gathered his whole roster for the first time , he looked the players up and down , from their cleats to their caps. He did not see a hair out of place. The Mets looked less like a team at spring training than a battalion starting boot camp. Randolph began his inaugural meeting explaining the rationale for all of his rules. It is not so much that he despises goatees and
N. H. L. Flyers Roll on Road Ron Hextall stopped 29 shots last night as the Philadelphia Flyers extended their unbeaten road streak to 12 games by defeating the Washington Capitals , 2-1 , in Landover , Md. Rod Brind ' amour and Dainius Zubrus scored for the Flyers , who are 8-0-4 on the road since Nov. 27. The Flyers ' latest road victory came against a team they hadn ' t beaten all season and in an arena where they were 0-3-1 since April 1995. Down by 2-1 , the Capitals appeared to come up with the tying goal with 16 minutes
The N. C. A. A. selection committee will not come out and say it , but it believes the defending national champion is the team to beat. The tip-off was that it awarded Duke the No. 1 seeding in the South and lined that region opposite the West , which has the weakest No. 1 in Cincinnati. So let ' s beat the Blue Devils. Go after a 29-3 team with a Hall of Fame coach in Mike Krzyzewski and the most heralded player in the nation , guard Jason Williams ? You bet. Krzyzewski concedes that these Blue Devils do not shoot the 3-point shot as well as
On his return to New Jersey last week with D. C. United , Alecko Eskandarian spent more time renewing his drivers license at the state division of motor vehicles office in Franklin Lakes than he has spent on a soccer field recently. In this season ' s bumper crop of rookies in Major League Soccer -- Damani Ralph ( Chicago ) , Mike Magee , Eddie Gaven and Ricardo Clark ( MetroStars ) , Pat Noonan ( New England ) -- Eskandarian , the league ' s No. 1 draft pick , has been relegated to garbage time , if he plays at all. " Playing
Jelena Dokic cannot forget what happened last year , when her father and coach , Damir , went into a tirade on the third day of the Open. He was ejected for orally and physically abusing tournament officials. Damir Dokic , who also had confrontations at Wimbledon in 2000 , was later banned from WTA Tour events for six months. Though reinstated in May , he did not return to the Open this year , by his own choice. " He ' s taking a break , " Dokic said yesterday. She said he stayed home in Australia to be with
Alan C. Milstein has had his share of emotionally charged legal cases. There was the lawsuit he filed against the University of Pennsylvania on behalf of the family of a young woman who died after undergoing a gene therapy experiment. And there was the suit against the manufacturer of an anthrax vaccine after an American soldier who had received injections died. These were tragic tales involving power and its use. In reciting them , Milstein makes what seems to be an unusual connection , comparing them to his current high-profile client: the suspended Ohio State running back Maurice Clarett. Of course , they do not compare directly , Milstein said
The riches that arrived in this tiny village came from the sea -- not in the nets its fishermen haul from the sparkling waters but in an abandoned speedboat that washed up last year stocked with dozens of hard , cellophane-wrapped bricks of Colombian cocaine. " Everyone else was grabbing it , so I took some , " said a 23-year-old fisherman who identified himself as Vital. " I gave it to my father , and the men came from Port-au-Prince to buy it for a lot of money. " The cargo taught this village of brightly painted houses on Haiti ' s south coast what Haitian police
Once upon a time in Brooklyn , they used to play baseball here. Tucked away among ancient factories and garages is a massive relic of the Dodgers ' old ballpark. Not Ebbets Field , but Washington Park , where Brooklyn played before moving to Flatbush. It is believed to be the oldest standing piece of a major league ballpark in the country. And almost nobody knows it is there. At the foot of Park Slope , a block from the Gowanus Canal , is a Con Edison truck depot and storage facility bounded by First and Third Streets and Third and Fourth
President Bush may have plenty of reasons why Russia , his new ally in the war on terrorism , should stop cozying up to Iraq , one of the states he sees as part of an " axis of evil. " But Leonid Fedun has 20 billion reasons why Russia should not. Mr. Fedun is vice president for development at Lukoil , Russia ' s biggest oil company. He oversees a 23-year contract to develop Iraq ' s West Qurna oil field -- 667 million tons of crude , a half-million barrels a day. It is potentially , he says , a $20 billion moneymaker. But only potentially. Thanks to United Nations sanctions on Iraq , Lukoil has not pumped a
Put it in the category of " Nixon goes to China. " On Thursday , Senator Jesse Helms , the conservative chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and a vocal critic of the United Nations , is to be the first legislator from any nation to address the United Nations Security Council. Don ' t look for the North Carolina Republican to soften overnight his harsh views of the international organization , which over the years he has called " a disgrace " and " Orwellian. " But after Congress approved a bill last year to pay nearly $1 billion in back dues that the United States owes the United Nations in exchange for structural changes at the organization , both Mr. Helms and
The potential tying run was at second base in the eighth inning yesterday. Mike Stanton was on the mound , Robin Ventura was at the plate , and Mike Mussina would not watch. Leaning forward in the visitors ' dugout at Shea Stadium , Mussina dropped his chin and stared at the ground. Ventura fouled off a pitch , then another. Mussina ran a hand through his hair and never looked up. He had pitched seven and two-thirds innings and driven in a run with a bounding single through the middle , but he was petrified by all the possible outcomes
The UAL Corporation , the parent of United Airlines , reported a record loss yesterday for the third quarter in the wake of the terrorist attacks and predicted that the current quarter would be even worse. The company said that it lost $1. 16 billion , or $21. 43 a share , compared with a loss of $116 million , or $2. 30 , in the corresponding period of 2000. Revenue fell 16. 3 percent , to $4. 1 billion from $4. 9 billion. United ' s troubles have deepened since May 2000 , when a dispute with its pilots resulted in the cancellation of thousands of flights , alienating passengers and costing tens
Bobby Valentine and Darryl Hamilton had their meeting today , such as it was. Valentine has called this spring ' s Hamilton controversy the biggest nonstory of his managerial career. But to Hamilton , the Mets ' outfielder , it has mattered more. That is why Hamilton sought out Valentine this morning , meeting with him in the manager ' s office for about 10 minutes. " Very positive , " Hamilton said. " We didn ' t fight or anything like that. Just said what was on our minds and moved on from there. " Hamilton wants to play every day , and he would prefer to do it for the Mets. But because he did not believe Valentine would give
" Want drive fast cars ? " asks an advertisement , in broken English , atop the Web site iaaca. com. " Want live in premium hotels ? Want own beautiful girls ? It ' s possible with dumps from Zo0mer. " A " dump , " in the blunt vernacular of a relentlessly flourishing online black market , is a credit card number. And what Zo0mer is peddling is stolen account information -- name , billing address , phone -- for Gold Visa cards and MasterCards at $100 apiece. It is not clear whether any data stolen from CardSystems Solutions , the payment processor reported on Friday to have exposed 40 million credit card accounts to possible theft , has entered this
John L. Tatta , a pioneer in the cable television industry , who worked with Charles Dolan to build Cablevision into one of the nation ' s leading providers , died on Thursday on Long Island. He was 84. The cause was complications from cancer , Cablevision said. Mr. Tatta started his career as an installer at Dictograph , an interoffice communications equipment company , where he worked for 23 years. He joined Mr. Dolan to start Sterling Cable in 1966 , overseeing the laying of underground cable in Manhattan. In a telephone interview , Mr. Dolan recalled one of Mr. Tatta ' s contributions. The company had gotten a cable franchise , Mr.
No matter how the Nets fare this season , they are a different team than the one John Calipari inherited a year ago in his first season as a professional coach. " When we started playing games , and I saw the talent we had on this team versus the other teams , I knew from the first week that it was going to be a long , long year , " Calipari said. " And it ' s demoralizing when you know you ' re going to go through five months of misery. " Victories were few ( 26 ) and losses were
Hord W. Hardin , whose autocratic rule over golf ' s Masters tournament was legendary , died on Monday in Harbor Springs , Mich. , after a long illness. He was 84 years old. Mr. Hardin , a lawyer and adept golfer , was the third chairman of the tournament , which was founded in 1934 by Bob Jones and Clifford Roberts. During his tenure , which lasted from 1980 to 1991 , Mr. Hardin also served as the chairman of the Augusta National Golf Club. Mr. Hardin , a meticulous and formal man whose desire to maintain the traditions of the Masters was obsessive , often bemoaned the creeping commercialism that was altering the golf
Tino Martinez has a hard time having fun when he plays baseball , Manager Joe Torre said the other day , a trait that was no more apparent than after tonight ' s 7-3 loss to Texas. Martinez was asked about the importance of this Yankee road trip. " I ' ve had two good games , " Martinez said sharply , contesting the notion that his spurt of hits and runs batted in meant anything at all. Two good games. On Monday , he had four hits and drove in four runs. On Tuesday , he hit a home run and drove in four runs. Tonight , he slugged a home run and hit the ball hard in three at-bats. By Martinez ' s stringent standards , one of
The Giants ' offense was surprisingly more productive than the St. Louis Rams ' offense today , even though the Giants were missing running back Tiki Barber. Quarterback Kerry Collins went after the middle of the defense with slanting patterns to Joe Jurevicius and Ike Hilliard. And Ron Dayne rushed for 88 yards on 20 carries. But the Rams ' defense induced an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty on Dayne that may have helped decide the game. It was called after the whistle on a Dayne run for 5 yards deep in Rams territory and forced the Giants to punt. Dayne accused the
Gerhard Schroder , the German Social Democrat who may put an end to Helmut Kohl ' s chancellorship in elections next month , came to Washington last week to see and be seen with President Clinton. Along with trying to assure Germany that strong ties to America will continue , Mr. Schroder is reinforcing parallels with a politician he admires. He paints himself as a tough and energetic reformer running against a stodgy incumbent. The comparison of himself to Mr. Clinton is misleading. Germany has rejected the kinds of economic reforms now taken as gospel in Britain and America. The generosity of
In Lokhandwala , a prosperous Bombay suburb , Ashok Narayanan and his wife , Rathi , like to step out in the evening for a " slice of America. " Their first stop is the brightly lighted McDonald ' s , where their two children -- Karan , 9 , and Kavya , 7 -- jostle with other youngsters at the counters as uniformed employees serve up burgers and fries from an open kitchen. Then , with their sated kids in tow , Ashok , a commodity broker , and Rathi , a feng-shui practitioner , walk around the corner to a Subway outlet and order salads and footlong
REPUBLICANS have declared Iraq the central front on the war on terrorism. Yet Republicans in Congress ignored warnings that the invasion lacked sufficient troops; did not ask about the plan to secure the postwar environment ( as it turns out , there wasn ' t one ) ; and went into denial as Baghdad descended into chaos. Congressional Republicans asked no questions when the administration staffed the Coalition Provisional Authority with cronies rather than experienced professionals , or when the authority lost track of $8. 8 billion in reconstruction money. Similar Republican negligence and incompetence have led to the failure to secure Afghanistan , to apprehend Osama bin Laden , to address the nuclear ambitions of Iran and North Korea -- even to rebuild the Gulf Coast , where , a year after the inept response to Hurricane Katrina , families still live in trailers and billions in
WHILE living in Iowa two years ago , I saw the sky turn green. A number of events rapidly followed: the tornado sirens blared , my husband and I took shelter downstairs , and the Weather Channel visuals blipped off the television set. Then the electricity went out , and I frantically wondered if I had remembered to recharge the radio ' s batteries so we could monitor the tornado ' s movement. Had I ? Of course not. For me , and for most people in the developed world , the occasional power disruption cannot disrupt the expectation that as sure as the sun rises , the lights will go on in the morning when the bedroom switch is clicked. But there are increasingly more situations where it is desirable or necessary to
On a tree-filled boulevard known as Doctors ' Row , the four- and five-bedroom brick Tudor homes that are the jewels of this city ' s housing stock were selling for about $150 , 000 two decades ago. At the time , some homes in the nation ' s most desirable suburbs , like Brookline , Mass. ; Sausalito , Calif. ; and Great Neck , N. Y. , cost the same. Over the last 20 years , however , the nation ' s housing market has been cleaved in two , and the break has helped create two very different economies in one country. Homes in the areas that were already the most expensive --
Dissatisfied with published Vatican documents on the role of Pope Pius XII during World War II , a panel of Jewish and Catholic scholars asked today for access to closed Vatican archives. " He was through and through a diplomat , but that simply didn ' t work when confronted with the Nazi machinery , " Eva Fleischner , a Catholic on the six-member committee , said of Pius XII at a news conference here today. But , she noted , " so many other world leaders failed as much as the pope. " The panel , the International Catholic-Jewish Commission , was formed 11 months ago by the Vatican and
Manipulating a computer mouse all winter and spring hardly counts as aerobic activity. That may explain why , in this season for tank tops and bare midriffs , Web surfers are seeking online guidance for trimming down and buffing up , according to the Media Metrix division of the Internet research firm comScore Networks. EDiets. com , which says that its 800 , 000 registered members have lost a total of 1 , 744 tons so far , has had a traffic surge recently as it promotes a program for losing 10 pounds by early July. ThirdAge. com is another shape-up site with heavy pre-beach traffic. Top features include " Stick-With-It Fitness Strategies "
WHEN Saks executives greeted investors with better-than-expected results last month , they made it clear that e-commerce initiatives deserved part of the credit. But this was not a case of Internet retailing finally catching up to the exaggeration of years past. Rather , it was a testament yet again to the slow , quiet progress of new business technology , which is transforming entire industries one mundane task at a time , far from the view of consumers. For Saks , one of the accelerants is a system that helps merchants set prices across different stores , or stores in different regions. Like all retailers , Saks faces the problem of deciding when to start marking down items , and at what price , so the company can glean as much profit as it can , without discounting
Movies and plays about America are all the rage in Egypt lately. Let ' s see , there are two plays running now -- " Monica and the Blue Dress " and " Me , My Wife and Monica. " Then there ' s the recent film " Momma America , " which was a huge hit. It ' s the story of a family in which America is the mother , Egypt is the son , the Arab world are his brothers and sisters and everything is fine until a cousin shows up -- Israel -- and a fight breaks out over Momma America ' s inheritance. The movie ends with the Statue of Liberty exploding and the Egyptian being arrested because he looks like a terrorist. The latest film ,
A Case of Female Mimicry: Smelling Like the Queen As insect colonies go , a nest of the tropical ant Cardiocondyla oscurior is a real snake pit , a hotbed of aggressive male behavior. Sexual competition is so intense that wingless males fight one another to the death for the privilege of mating with queens. But there is more than one type of rooster in this henhouse. There are winged males , too , and they are much more docile. One would think that the wingless males would run roughshod over them , doing the ant equivalent of kicking sand in their faces , and prevent them from
When I was 12 , I thought that when The New Orleans Times-Picayune wrote about the " struggle for control of the West Bank , " it meant the other side of the Mississippi River. I thought that my shiny gold velour pants actually looked good. I kept a giant sack of Nabisco chocolate-chip cookies under my bed so that they might be available in an emergency -- a flood , say , or a hurricane -- that made it harder to get to the grocery store. From the safe distance of 43 , " 12 " looks less an age than a disease , and for the most part
Consider the consequences of a garbage strike. Trash accumulates , streets are clogged and daily life is disrupted. Eventually , things can come to a standstill. Scientists say that kind of disruption may lie at the heart of a wide array of diseases afflicting millions of Americans. In the brain , researchers say , the result is Alzheimer ' s disease , Parkinson ' s disease and a slew of other neurodegenerative disorders including the human version of mad cow disease. In the pancreas , it is Type 2 diabetes; in the lungs , cystic fibrosis; in the eyes , cataracts. If the problem develops in a certain blood protein , patients can develop numbness in the fingers or toes , or a
After more than 180 years of puzzling , scientists say they have solved the mystery of the evolutionary origins of the plant that produces the biggest flower on earth. Researchers now say the bizarre rafflesia -- whose blossoms can measure a yard across and were described by the Swedish explorer Eric Mjoberg as having " a penetrating smell more repulsive than any buffalo carcass in an advanced state of decomposition " -- actually sprang from the gentle group of plants that includes poinsettias , violets and passionflowers. " It was a total surprise , " said Dr. Todd Barkman , a botanist at Western Michigan University who was the lead author of the
As the Knicks left practice and headed for the airport and a flight to Indianapolis this afternoon , Patrick Ewing pushed his way through a crowd of cameras. Refusing to issue any guarantees for the playoff series against the Pacers , resisting even a thumbs-up or thumbs-down , he simply ran his fingers across his lips , symbolically zipping them shut. If there was a positive omen to it , he completed the gesture without wincing. In a short , cerebral practice session , Knicks Coach Jeff Van Gundy tried to focus his team on two things. First , the Heat is past , the Pacers are present. And second , Ewing is not rushing in to save the day , at least not just yet.
LOUIS PEOPLES was a young man when he came to the Alaskan Arctic in 1977 to help build and then run the industrial web that pumps oil from the North Slope and sends it south to market. Now Mr. Peoples and many of the men who arrived with him are middle-aged and ready to retire. But , even though production from the North Slope is declining , there are not enough skilled young engineers and roustabouts to replace them. The aging of America ' s oil work force is more sweeping and urgent in Alaska than in the lower 48 states because so many workers arrived at the
Randall Godfrey was a Dallas Cowboys linebacker for the last four seasons , and he played against the Giants twice a year. When Godfrey jumped as a free agent to the Tennessee Titans last Feb. 16 , he left behind the National Football Conference Eastern Division and those annual Cowboys-Giants rivalries. But because the Giants play the Tennessee Titans here on Sunday , Godfrey will see the Giants again. Yet , he said , he hardly recognizes them. " This is a totally new Giants offense , " Godfrey said after a week of video preparation. " It is a more wide-open offense that features Tiki Barber. Ron Dayne gives them that 1-2 punch and power-running. There is a lot more shifting
The ads in the Underground are as subtle as the barking of a sideshow huckster. " You won ' t believe your eyes , " they scream. Then come the prices: the equivalent of $107 round-trip to Paris , $154 to Marseilles , $201 to Lisbon. Those tickets on British Airways do not have to be bought in advance , do not require a Saturday night stay and are up to 80 percent cheaper than almost comparable fares two months ago. On most of the carrier ' s domestic and European flights , a traveler can walk up to the counter and buy a discounted ticket until a limited number of seats at those prices sell out. This summer , British Airways , the largest airline in Europe
JUST AS cross-country skiing was one of the defining sports in Nordic- loving Norway in 1994 , ski jumping will be one of the defining sports in Nagano. Japan ' s finest Winter Olympic moment came in this sport , and it came the last time the Japan played host to the Games. In Sapporo in 1972 , Yukio Kasaya , Akitsugu Konno and Seiji Aochi won gold , silver and bronze on the normal hill , which was then known as the 70-meter hill. If all goes well for the Japanese in Nagano , it just might happen again. THE SETUP -- Three
BASEBALL American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES--Reinstated C Brook Fordyce from bereavement leave. Sent C Robert Machado outright to Ottawa of the IL. BOSTON RED SOX--Activated RHP Robert Person from the 15-day disabled list. Sent RHP Steve Woodard to Pawtucket of the International League. CLEVELAND INDIANS--Placed 1B Travis Hafner and RHP Dave Elder on the 15-day disabled list. Recalled 1B Ben Broussard from Buffalo of the IL. Purchased the contract of RHP Jerrod Riggan from Buffalo. NEW YORK YANKEES--Activated SS Derek Jeter from the 15-day disabled list. Optioned SS Erick Almonte to Columbus of the IL. TAMPA BAY DEVIL RAYS--Recalled INF Jared Sandberg from Durham of the IL. National
JUDY FORSYTH could make a payment on a luxury car for what she spends each month on stress relief. Ms. Forsyth , a Silicon Valley computer consultant , forks over nearly $500 a month for spa treatments , massages , incense and yoga products. She has paid $160 for a game that uses biofeedback to help her meditate. " The expense is right up there with rent , " said Ms. Forsyth , 45 , who spent $10 , 000 on a recent trek to India for peace and relaxation. " In the Silicon Valley , it ' s crazy; the stress is unbelievable. Sometimes it ' s really hard to sit and meditate. " People like Ms. Forsyth who are working longer
Tens of thousands of refugees from Kosovo waiting to cross the border here vanished in the middle of the night , ordered out of a column stretching 20 miles or more by Serbian forces and sent walking to an unknown fate. This shabby little border crossing , swamped for more than a week with ragged , weeping ethnic Albanians driven from their homes , was eerily empty today. At 3:30 this morning , Serbian forces walked up to a jumble of six chest-high concrete pyramids that marks the midpoint of the no man ' s land between the two customs posts , according to observers at the border from the
FOR investors , the tectonic shifts in the telecommunications industry in recent years have come not from fundamental changes in the business -- as numerous as they have been -- but from corporate mergers , alliances and spinoffs. Last week was no exception. The biggest phone companies in the United States and Britain , AT&amp;T and British Telecommunications , last Sunday unveiled a $10 billion venture to serve multinational business customers. Two days later , Bell Atlantic the nation ' s No. 1 local communications company , announced a $52. 9 billion agreement to merge with GTE , a big local and long-distance carrier. Michael J. Mahoney , a big fan of European stocks and wireless companies
To the Editor: Re " Conceding Missteps , Bush Urges Patience on Iraq " ( front page , Oct. 26 ) : Let ' s see if I ' ve got this straight. On Sunday , you report that the Bush administration is developing a " timetable " for the Iraqi government to address sectarian violence and assume a larger security role. But on Monday , the White House denies it. Then on Tuesday , Gen. George W. Casey Jr. and Ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad announce that yes , the Iraqis have indeed agreed to a timetable. But at his Wednesday news conference , President Bush says no , it ' s not a timetable; it ' s
To the Editor: Re " Unions See Fertile Fields at Lower End of High Tech " ( Grass-Roots Business , Sept. 26 ) , which focused on the disadvantages of temporary employment in the technology industry: Such an emphasis is narrow and one-sided. The benefits of temporary employment are clear. Staffing companies match millions of people to millions of jobs and offer flexibility to both employees and companies. People can choose when , where and how they want to work. Companies can get the skills they need to keep fully staffed during busy times. Temporary work also provides a bridge to permanent employment.
In the beginning of the Yankees ' five-game winning streak , they beat Toronto in extra innings. On the second , third and fourth days , they created a seemingly insurmountable lead in the American League East , sweeping the Boston Red Sox. On the fifth day , they made a comeback to defeat the Blue Jays. On the sixth day , the Yankees rested. Unfortunately , they played anyway. Due for a stinker after a week of high-adrenaline games , the Yankees sleepwalked tonight through a 14-0 loss to the Toronto Blue Jays , their most lopsided defeat of the
It was Elizabeth Slater ' s third day on the job. At 10 a. m. , she was sitting in her office at one of her first official meetings. Forty minutes later , she was trapped there , buried in rubble up to her chest. Ms. Slater survived the explosion that rocked the American Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , on Aug. 7 , 1998 , but the ordeal was so ingrained in her memory that she wept as she relived it yesterday at the embassy bombings trial. Taking long gulping pauses as she testified , Ms. Slater told how she had escaped an early burial inside the smoking embassy only to stumble outside upon a
With the Jets reeling from two consecutive blowout losses in which the offense managed 10 points , Coach Herman Edwards planned to meet with the offensive coordinator Paul Hackett tonight to sort through an offense that is not merely adrift , but is close to sinking. " We ' re going to talk to some gypsies and any other place we can find people to help us , " Hackett said. " We ' re just out of sorts. " Everyone seemed to be willing to take the blame today for the Jets ' considerable woes. Vinny Testaverde said he would take the blame because he was worried that younger players could not
SUMMONED before a Senate subcommittee last fall to explain their industry ' s record profits , five chief executives of big energy companies were unanimous in explaining that they had no control over the prices set by global oil markets. Lee R. Raymond , then the chairman and chief executive of Exxon Mobil , even evoked a time in the 1990 ' s when energy companies struggled with record-low oil prices. " People have to realize that we ' re in a commodity business , which has its ups and downs , " he said. That was then. Now , as energy companies reveal the year-end bonuses they paid in December -- just one month after the hearing -- it is becoming evident that many top executives had no qualms about accepting
Over fierce resistance from the drug industry , Congress is moving to authorize research that systematically compares the effectiveness and cost of top-selling prescription drugs. Proponents say that if Medicare is to spend $400 billion on new drug benefits over the next 10 years , it should have objective , reliable information about which medicines are most effective. " Often there are a number of competing drugs to treat the same condition , " said Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , Democrat of New York , a leader of bipartisan efforts on the issue. " But which is more effective ? Oftentimes we just do not know. " The House voted last month to provide $12 million to the Public Health
Jim Fassel is in a bad spot. He cannot win for losing. He can , however , lose for winning. The Giants ' coach has a quarterback in Kent Graham who may give him the best chance to win the most games the rest of this season. But few people in the organization think Graham is the team ' s quarterback of the future. These same people -- some coaches , the team ' s talent evaluators and executives -- are not sure Kanell is the quarterback of the future either. But they are not sure he isn ' t. They would like the tryout process for Kanell to continue later this
Bidding to significantly expand its presence outside the United States , the AT&amp;T Corporation is close to an agreement with British Telecommunications P. L. C. to form a joint venture serving multinational business customers , executives close to the negotiations said yesterday. The venture could be announced as early as tomorrow , the executives said. A partnership between AT&amp;T , the nation ' s No. 1 long-distance carrier , and British Telecom , Britain ' s biggest communications company , would perhaps be the foremost international telecommunications venture. Demand for advanced communications services is growing even faster overseas than it is in the United States , according to many analysts , and big
After the opening speeches , the 50 or so American executives gathered at the Hotel Pennsylvania in Manhattan were invited to divide up. Those interested in investing in China -- putting an operation there and hiring Chinese workers -- were to go across the hall to the Penntop North conference room. Those who wanted help in exporting to China were to stay seated in Penntop South. Half or more went across the hall. Given the explosion of business in China , the interest in setting up shop there is not surprising. What was surprising was the presence of the United States Commerce Department
With graphic reports about former Coach Mike Price ' s behavior and his threat to pursue legal action serving as a backdrop , the University of Alabama announced yesterday that Mike Shula , a former Crimson Tide quarterback , would be its next head football coach. In a statement , the university announced that Shula , youngest son of the National Football League coaching legend Don Shula , had agreed to a six-year contract worth $5. 4 million. Shula , 37 , had appeared to be the leading candidate from the start of Alabama ' s accelerated search after Price was fired Saturday by the university ' s president , Robert E. Witt , in the wake of disclosures about his behavior at a Pensacola , Fla. , strip club and hotel while he was there for a
Don Bosco Prep upset St. Joseph of Montvale , the No. 9 team in USA Today ' s national ranking , 28-7 , Friday at Montvale , N. J. The victory came only six days after the Ironmen edged Bergen Catholic , 14-13 , in Oradell. In two weeks , Don Bosco has won two road games against two of New Jersey ' s top teams. " It doesn ' t get more exciting than these last two weeks , " Coach Greg Toal said. Don Bosco was led by the two-way play of Steve Levy and another strong performance by running back Brian Toal , who gained 113 yards. Levy
When Umpire Jerry Crawford walked to the Mets ' dugout to tell Bobby Valentine that he was postponing last night ' s game because of steady rain , with the Mets leading by 6-5 after rallying in the third inning , Valentine began to gesture angrily , furious at the decision and its timing. The game will be made up as part of a doubleheader today at Shea Stadium , starting at 4:40 P. M. " When the game started , we were told we were going to play the whole thing , " Valentine said later. " The only thing that was different was the score. I have a hard time
NEW YORK has been on pooh-bah overload all week. The president dropped by for a couple of days. World leaders breezed in and out. The Dalai Lama hung around. Yesterday , the Democrats ' traveling circus came to town , a field of presidential wannabes large enough to fill an American League baseball lineup ( designated hitter included ). They were at Pace University for a round of simultaneous monologues , known in the vernacular as a debate. For days , the chatter on television has been about frozen zones and snarled traffic. In New York , all events , no matter how global in import , are ultimately reduced to a few primal concerns: can you get across town by car , and if so
THIS was at one of those off-day news conferences in San Antonio the other day , the coach of the Knicks being asked , once again , if he felt personally vindicated by making it all the way to the N. B. A. finals after being one Miami bounce of the ball from the unemployment line. Jeff Van Gundy tried to say the right thing , to be the polished diplomat , but the longer he went on , the more the victim lurking inside him cried out to be heard. " One thing you get used to , if they can get you on results
What will bring stability and peace to Iraq ? For the first couple of years after the invasion , the standard answer was military might. American troops would begin the job. Only then , once there was relative calm , could the Iraqi Army and the police force preserve the peace while political institutions were established and a functioning democracy took shape. Even those who believed in the promise of Iraqi democracy echoed this view. Each time the political process reached a milestone -- interim constitution , elections , proposed constitution , referendum , elections again -- we embraced the progress but warned that without improved security , all this political development could come to naught. But sometime
The Red Sox arrived here around 3 a. m. Friday , and Trot Nixon insisted that the Boston baggage did not include sacks of gloom. Did the Yankees act that way when the Red Sox swept them early in the season ? " No , " Nixon said. " This isn ' t over. The first thing we have to do is finish the first half on a good note , play. 800 or. 900 ball , then see where we are. " This is a team certainly trying to dwell on the good things. But the good things were in short supply after the Yankees swept the Red Sox in a three-game series at Yankee Stadium. Boston lost the finale , 5-4 , in 13 innings
It was 5:30 on a clear , cool and quiet morning at Belmont Park. D. Wayne Lukas led Charismatic out of his barn as the first horse entering the track on the day before battle -- just as he expected Charismatic to be first in the 131st Belmont Stakes today before a crowd of more than 80 , 000 at Belmont Park , and complete his dramatic surge from claimer to the Triple Crown. The chestnut colt galloped one mile and three-quarters , which is a quarter of a mile more than he will race in the historic main event today. Then the
Steve Young passed for two touchdowns and scored on fourth-quarter runs of 1 and 23 yards as the 49ers spoiled the Indianapolis Colts ' upset bid , 34-31 , yesterday in San Francisco. Young also led the 50-yard drive ending in Wade Richey ' s 24-yard field goal with five seconds remaining , giving the 49ers their only lead of the day. Peyton Manning , the top pick in the draft , who came in with a league-high 14 interceptions , tied a Colts rookie record with three touchdown passes , connecting with Marvin Harrison on scores of 61 , 6 and 4 yards.
CLEAR financial statements are so important to Lisa Black , who runs the $295 million TIAA-CREF Bond Plus fund , that she unloaded the fund ' s Enron bonds soon after she bought them in 1999. " We couldn ' t understand their accounting , " Ms. Black said. Few investors did , but many held onto the company ' s stock and bonds until Enron ' s spectacular financial difficulties last fall. While she keeps a focus on financial statements , Ms. Black , who is based in Manhattan , is also paying special attention these days to bond issuers ' access to the credit markets. " Now , any company that has questions about its accounting or does
Two campaigns for beer brands took top honors at the 47th annual International Advertising Festival in Cannes , France , winning the Grand Prix awards in the categories of television and cinema advertising as well as print and poster advertising. The popular " Whassup " campaign for Budweiser beer by the Chicago office of DDB Worldwide , part of the Omnicom Group , won in the television and cinema category in a decision announced on Saturday. The campaign from Anheuser-Busch was composed of five commercials centered on a group of friends who repeat the greeting " Whassup " in a variety of fanciful intonations. In the television and cinema category , of
In the minutes before an offensive explosion by the Giants against Philadelphia that might have made even the St. Louis Rams wink with appreciation , running back Tiki Barber , while being tackled , had his head slammed into the turf. It was not your normal football tackle , but something much more vicious. The fans at Veterans Stadium were quiet because they could sniff the offensive storm that was coming , so when Barber ' s head hit , the vibrations reverberated high in the stands , a cracking sound that resembled a car wreck , and Barber lay motionless on the ground. For a moment , it was scary. The artificial turf here is ragged and unkempt. Most
In acquiring John Olerud from the Toronto Blue Jays yesterday , the Mets raised some questions , but they offered answers both by explanation and by the terms of the trade itself. Olerud , who has reverted to being a mildly productive hitter since his career year in 1993 , appears to be a risk , but he is not costing the Mets much. They sent the Blue Jays Robert Person , a young pitcher who did not figure prominently in their plans , and they will pay only $1. 5 million of Olerud ' s $6. 5 million 1997 salary. The $5 million the Blue Jays will give the Mets to offset Olerud ' s salary is
Earlier this year , Google started a widely used news service. Last week , it looked to some users of the Google search that the site had started to editorialize. Anyone searching on Google for the phrase " miserable failure " was sent to the official White House biography of President Bush. Google executives say they have no corporate opinion of the Bush presidency. Instead , the episode is another example of a form of cyber-graffiti known as " Google bombing. " It is a group prank. If enough Web pages link a certain Web page to a phrase , the Google search engine will start to associate that page with the phrase -- even if , as in the case of Mr. Bush ' s official biography , the phrase does not occur
First , people with the sniffles were told to stay out of emergency rooms. Public health officials warned about the dangers of widespread , precautionary use of antibiotics. When anthrax was discovered in an office , noses were swabbed. But that was last week. Almost every day now , public health officials have to retool , at times subtly and sometimes quite definitively , the way they are surveying , diagnosing and managing cases of anthrax. Hospitals have received a flurry of memos from the health department guiding them on new views of the illness , and they have responded by changing their procedures
Almost immediately after a team wins the World Series , every player gets a commemorative T-shirt. The Yankees decided to hand out theirs the day before the season. During their scouting meeting at the Coliseum on Sunday , every Yankees player received two T-shirts referring to the team ' s goal for this season. The operative number is 27. The Yankees , you may have heard , have been stuck on 26 titles since 2000. One shirt is gray , with a pinstriped No. 27 looming over the NY logo on the front , and " One Team , One Mission " on the back. The other is
The Denver Broncos have the best record ( 11-1 ) in the National Football League , have won eight consecutive games and own a three-game lead in the American Football Conference West Division. When you are that good , you get the right bounces , too. Defensive tackle Michael Dean Perry thinks the Broncos are a team of destiny. " It has to be , " Perry said. " Just look at that catch by McCaffrey. I mean it bounced around and bounced around and goes into his hands and he goes in the end zone. I mean it ' s better to
Monarchos looked spry nearly four hours after the race on Saturday , burying his gray snout into a red feed bucket attached to his stall door. Not far away in the stakes barn at Pimlico Race Course , Point Given looked bright as well , swiveling his head so the small , white blaze between his eyes looked like a searchlight. The human connections of the colts were long gone. Monarchos ' s trainer , John Ward , and owner , John Oxley , were out somewhere , perhaps chewing over what went wrong in the 126th running of the Preakness Stakes. Why did their Kentucky Derby winner finish a dull sixth here ? Point Given ' s trainer , Bob Baffert ,
More than two decades ago , John S. Reed , then an executive vice president with Citicorp , spent and lost hundreds of millions of dollars on newfangled banking products like automated teller machines and credit cards. Eventually , both bets paid off handsomely. Today , Mr. Reed , now Citicorp ' s chief executive , is staking his entire franchise on an even more audacious plan: an agreement to merge with Travelers Group Inc. , a $70 billion transaction that is the biggest deal in history. If successful , the merger promises to reorder the landscape in financial services. That is a big if , however , since the marriage depends not only on changes in the law that currently restricts combining banking and insurance but
CARDINALS 9 , CUBS 5 Just as he did last season , Mark McGwire closed with a handful of home runs. McGwire hit his 65th homer and Sammy Sosa hit his 63d yesterday as the host St. Louis Cardinals closed out an otherwise dismal year with a 9-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs in a game called after 4 innings because of rain. McGwire homered six times in the final seven games , and moved past Ted Williams and Willie McCovey into 10th place on the career list with 522. Last year , he homered five times in the final three games to pull away from Sosa
Yankees outfielder Gary Sheffield said he was unaware that his name had been revealed as part of a federal investigation of steroid distribution to professional athletes until he arrived Wednesday morning at the team ' s minor league facility. In documents released Tuesday via e-mail to some newspapers , including The New York Times , the United States attorney ' s office in San Francisco mistakenly revealed that Sheffield sent a FedEx package last February to the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative , or Balco , the supplements company being investigated as the source of the steroids. " I was surprised , of course , but I have no comment otherwise
When it comes to offshore racing , few regattas in the world compare to the Champagne Mumm Admiral ' s Cup. Like sterling on damask , it is a prestigious yacht-racing affair seldom tarnished by the avant-garde of open sailboat design. But the French are hearing none of that this year. In a test of will and foresight , the Admiral ' s Cup team from France is arriving in Cowes , England , with an odd duck under glass. It comes in the form of a wing-shaped mast , steep topsides and a narrow hull. To heighten the yacht ' s mystery , the 50-foot Krazy K-Yote Two has been kept under wraps like a new sports car at an auto show. " Either it ' s a great boat
The president of the A. F. L. -C. I. O. , John Sweeney , plans to ask consumers to boycott three products made by Procter &amp; Gamble to show support for actors who are on strike against the advertising industry. The A. F. L. -C. I. O. , which represents 13. 1 million workers , will ask consumers to forgo the use of Tide laundry detergent , Crest toothpaste and Ivory soap. The boycott is scheduled to be announced at a Tuesday morning rally in Bryant Park in Manhattan. Celebrities like Julia Roberts , Tim Robbins and Susan Sarandon , are scheduled to attend. " This strike has been going on for some time and I think it deserves even more attention than we
Three agencies resigned accounts. The American unit of Club Mediterranee S. A. and its agency , Messner Vetere Berger McNamee Schmetterer Euro RSCG in New York , agreed to part ways after four years. Billings on the account were estimated at $8 million. Edwina Arnold , a spokeswoman at Club Med in New York , confirmed reports of the decision this week in Advertising Age and Adweek , adding that the company had not determined what to do with the account. Bartle Bogle Hegarty in London , which handled creative duties for Club Med in other countries , also recently resigned that assignment. Messner Vetere is part of Havas Advertising. Team One Advertising in El Segundo , Calif. , decided against taking part in a review
HOW can you go wrong in the food business ? As they say , people gotta eat. But they don ' t have to eat what you ' re offering , and therein lies the source of so much trouble in the food trade. That , at least , is the story the food companies are telling these days. If you don ' t buy it , and if you have nerves of steel and a sense of the absurd , you may have an opportunity as a mutual fund investor. The newspapers have been full of the industry ' s misfortune. Krispy Kreme Doughnuts
ASTORIA , Queens , seems separated from Hollywood by more than just the width of a continent. Emerging from the Steinway Street subway station , you enter a workaday urban reality , neither glamorous nor menacing , of a kind rarely acknowledged on either the large or the small screen. The avenue is a busy retail thoroughfare that offers a glimpse of the borough ' s bustling polyglot character. Modest Latin American , Indian and Middle Eastern restaurants are tucked in with discount emporiums and building-supply stores. On the corner of 35th Avenue and Steinway , you will find an outpost of the entertainment industry , a 14-screen Regal plex , but you will also be standing
A year ago , Bill Burnham was just about to give up on his early foray into high-definition television. After paying $2 , 400 for a 36-inch TV set that was high-definition ready , and $1 , 000 more for a satellite receiver with a built-in tuner capable of displaying supersharp images on his movie-shaped screen , he spent a day setting it all up in his home in Palo Alto. There was only one problem: nothing he wanted to watch was on. " I had two DirecTV channels that were HD , " he recalled. " It was a bust. " But then Mr. Burnham ,
Prices of Treasury securities rose for the third consecutive session yesterday , as another report , this one on home resales , supported the view that the economy ' s growth is slowing. The benchmark 30-year bond gained 22/32 , to a price of 97 26/32; its yield , which moves in the opposite direction of its price , fell to 6. 92 percent , from 6. 98 percent on Tuesday. Yesterday the Treasury sold $18. 25 billion of new two-year notes , and in when-issued trading ahead of the sale , the yield dropped three basis points from the previous day to 6.
YOU could feel it all week from the Rams and the Titans , all of them thrilled to be in the 34th Super Bowl. There were no dynasties here , not that anybody knew about -- no Dallas , no San Francisco , no Buffalo , no Denver. It was quite enough that the Rams beat the Titans , 23-16 , in one of the best Super Bowls ever , a collision of churning wills and resolute bodies that was not over until Mike Jones wrapped his arms around Kevin Dyson on the 1-yard line in a tackle that coaches could show in the football training films. Both teams brought the
If Derek Jeter reaches an agreement on the largest sports contract in New York history , it will probably come early next week. Casey Close , the agent for the Yankees shortstop , is engaged in negotiations with the team , and while club executives and Close did not return calls yesterday , one major league executive with knowledge of the talks said there was optimism about a long-term deal. The two sides are working with a soft but significant deadline. Next Thursday , arbitration-eligible players like Jeter will exchange figures with their teams , numbers that could affect the current negotiation parameters. Executives around baseball believe Jeter will get a contract for at
Perhaps the most extraordinary aspect of Darfur isn ' t that gunmen on the Sudanese payroll heave babies into bonfires as they shout epithets against blacks. It ' s that the rest of us are responding only with averted eyes and polite tut-tutting. This past week alone , Sudan expelled the U. N. envoy for Sudan and sent a proxy army to invade eastern Chad. Those moves underscored both the audacity of Sudan ' s leaders and the fecklessness of the rest of the world ' s. In fact , there ' s plenty we can do. The international community has focused on getting U. N.
IT is an unusually sunny day for Seattle , but no one can tell in the narrow , windowless conference room where Russell Allgor is drawing graphs on a white board. Dr. Allgor earned his Ph. D. at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology developing quantitative methods for making chemical plants more productive. Last summer , he moved from Bayer Chemical to Amazon. com and has built an 800 , 000-equation computer model of the company ' s sprawling operation , meant to help do most everything from scheduling Christmas overtime to rerouting trucks in a snowstorm. Dr. Allgor ' s work is part of a
Harold Warp attended one major league baseball game in his life , and it was Game 3 of the 1932 World Series. Warp was a businessman living in Chicago who loved collecting artifacts of the past and filming his experiences to show to his family back in Nebraska. So he toted his 16-millimeter camera to Wrigley Field that Oct. 1. Nice choice. Warp wasn ' t an artiste , but in his jiggly style , he filmed one of baseball ' s legendary sequences: Babe Ruth gesturing in a way that made some witnesses believe he was pointing to a spot in the outfield where he would slug a
Stephon Marbury could not wait for Lenny Wilkens to take the practice court. Antsy , he had to greet Wilkens , the Knicks ' new coach , beforehand. So like a kid on Christmas Eve , peeking at his presents through a crack in the doorway , a beaming Marbury sneaked awkwardly into Wilkens ' s news conference Thursday morning. Given the go-ahead by the Knicks spokesman Joe Favorito , Marbury bolted toward the seated Wilkens , welcoming him to New York with a hug. Already , there is a bond in the making. Marbury , playing for his ninth head coach in his eight seasons in the N. B. A. , has had great starts with coaches before , but now more than
A rapping on the door roused Jets Coach Herman Edwards from the couch where he was being interviewed about his team ' s dysfunctional season. Perhaps surprisingly , given the Jets ' 3-11 record , the couch was in a team publicist ' s office , not at a psychotherapist ' s. Edwards opened the door and there was his wife , Lia , with the couple ' s 4-month-old daughter , Gabrielle. He kissed them and then they were gone. When he resumed the interview Thursday , Edwards admitted that his commitment to coaching had been tested this year , not by the mounting losses but by the lost time with his family. He said he told Lia that when
Connecticut used a quick transition game and balanced scoring to extend its record winning streak to 63 games today with an 84-44 victory over Seton Hall. It was also the 59th straight home triumph for UConn , in front of a sellout crowd of 10 , 167 at Gampel Pavilion. For the second game in a row , top-ranked UConn ( 24-0 , 11-0 Big East ) won without having to rely on the scoring of the all-American guard Diana Taurasi , who averages 17 points a game. Taurasi made only 1 of 4 shots and two free throws for 4 points , tying her season low. She scored only 5 points against Syracuse on Wednesday. Today , she committed nine turnovers , all in
PAUL SILAS was at the office early yesterday morning preparing for his first draft as head coach of the Charlotte Hornets. With his team picking third , Silas was excited to be in position to snatch one of the great young players in the National Basketball Association draft. He got his wish , selecting Baron Davis , the 6-foot-2 1/2-inch point guard from U. C. L. A. This is the wave of the future and Silas is glad to be part of it -- this year. " If I ' m in this position next year , " he said , " if we ' re ever in
American bombers laid a heavy barrage across the snowcapped mountains here early this morning as efforts to arrange a surrender of embattled Osama bin Laden fighters broke down. In Washington , a senior military officer said on Tuesday that United States intelligence had intercepted radio communications among Al Qaeda forces talking about Mr. bin Laden ' s location in the Tora Bora area. " He ' s in a shrinking area , " the officer said , " and the sense is , he ' s going higher and deeper into his complex of caves and tunnels. " Although a turnover of weapons had been scheduled
Wal-Mart suppliers are willing to go to great lengths to meet Wal-Mart ' s needs. For Coca-Cola , doing so has meant going to battle with some of its own bottlers. When a group of small independent Coke bottlers read on a Web site that the company had ambitious plans to start delivering Powerade directly to Wal-Mart ' s warehouses , they were concerned. The new system meant Coke ' s bottlers would no longer bring Powerade to Wal-Mart stores. They would not stock the product on shelves or arrange occasional promotions with store managers. In short , they were being cut out of the system. A group of 60 bottlers , who together represent about 10 percent of Coke ' s volume in the United States , responded
Madly poring over notes one last time , giddy after months of dawn-to-midnight cramming , the students skittered into the exam site , a Beijing high school. Outside the school gates , hundreds of parents just stood and stared for hours , fanning themselves furiously , as if to dissipate their tension along with the muggy summer heat. This is " Black July " in China , time for the long-anticipated single exam that determines who goes to college in a country where a degree is seen as a ticket to prosperity , and failure can mean consignment to drudgery. The four million high school seniors who took the
THE Giants will get a break this week. After pulling off an overtime victory over Washington on Sunday , the Giants ' defense , wheezing by the end of regulation , has a chance to catch its second wind. The breather was so needed that Mike Barrow , the 33-year-old middle linebacker , invoking a biblical passage , suggested the bye was divine intervention. Six days after losing to Dallas in overtime , the Giants lost another lead and were pushed to overtime by a Washington offense that , after being confused for three quarters , cut the Giants ' secondary to ribbons. A week after giving up 321 yards passing to Cowboys quarterback Quincy Carter , the Giants ' secondary
The calls from the crowd came early in Andre Agassi ' s match with Agustin Calleri. The Argentine fans shouted " Gordo ! " Calleri ' s nickname before he lost weight and picked up speed. Even after he lost weight , Calleri , 27 , down to 185 pounds , had a reputation for having trouble closing out a match. No longer. The slimmed-down Calleri ended Andre Agassi ' s three-year run as champion of the Nasdaq-100 Open , eliminating him on Tuesday in the fourth round , 6-2 , 7-6. Calleri will face the winner of the match between Vince Spadea and Paradorn Srichaphan in the quarterfinals. Second-seeded Andy Roddick defeated Guillermo Canas , 6-3 , 6-3 , on Tuesday to move into the quarterfinals. On the women ' s side , Serena Williams cruised into Thursday ' s semifinals with a match that amounted to little
It was not just the money. Shoot , Errict Rhett said that in the past few weeks alone , he had already made more money in the stock market than the $336 , 000 he is scheduled to earn this season as a running back with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. It was not really the criticism , either. He had taken shots for holding out in the third year of a four-year deal that he had signed with the Buccaneers. No , Rhett said he returned to the Buccaneers last week after a 94-day holdout and played in his first game of this season last Sunday for two reasons: first , his love for the game , and second , his desire to become
The stock market rebounded yesterday , as investors were soothed by reports that the economy remains resilient and merger activity is still vibrant.. A day after the Dow Jones industrial average fell 87. 44 points , heavy buying of blue-chip issues helped the Dow climb 66. 76 points , or about eight-tenths of a percent , to close at 8 , 870. 56. Broader measures were even stronger. The Standard &amp; Poor ' s 500-stock index gained 1. 1 percent to close at 1 , 094. 83 and the Nasdaq composite soared 1. 6 percent , to 1 , 769. 95. Yesterday ' s gain , though , still leaves most major stock indexes far off their all-time
Technology stocks plunged yesterday , as investors used additional signs of a softening economy and confirmation from Vice President Al Gore that he intends to continue his fight for the presidency as excuses to sell shares. Stocks like Microsoft , Qualcomm and Ciena , which still have high price-to-earnings multiples despite big drops this year , led the Nasdaq composite index lower. The index , which at one point during the day was in positive territory , fell 145. 51 points , or 5. 05 percent , to 2 , 734. 98 , a 52-week closing low and its lowest level
A day after his emotional and somewhat anticlimactic reunion with his former team , Knicks Coach Larry Brown was still issuing post-mortems on his feelings about it all , while trying to coax some consistency from his current squad. Friday night in Detroit , the Knicks made a first-half stand befitting an elite team. They kept pace with the Pistons , who lost Game 7 in the N. B. A. finals last spring after having won the title the year before. But in the third quarter , in what is becoming a defining feature of the Knicks ' season , the offense turned to ice , scoring
Carl Pavano was the last person who touched the baseball before it became historic No. 70. How nice it would have been , he mused today , had he been the first to touch it afterward , too. " I wish I could ' ve gotten to the stands a little faster , " Pavano said jokingly. " If I could ' ve gotten to that ball , it would have been a nice check. " Pavano was standing in front of his locker in the Montreal Expos ' clubhouse before the team ' s first pitcher-and-catcher workout of spring training. He was talking ,
Four weeks ago , Stephen Jackson was just a name on the Nets ' training camp list , one not even Coach Byron Scott recognized. " This guy was just trying to make this team , " Scott said today. " We had his name on the board and I was like , ' Who is he ? ' I had no idea who Stephen Jackson was. " He knows now. Not only did Jackson , a 22-year-old free-agent rookie , make the team , but in the absence of the injured forward Keith Van Horn , Scott also plans to start
WHEN Peter Lampione checks the weather before getting dressed each morning , he turns to his home security system. Using a small interactive touch screen , he connects to the latest weather reports on the Internet. He can also find his e-mail and voice-mail there , and once the programming is completed , he and his wife , Dina , 32 , will be able to use the system to control all the lights in their newly renovated home in Great Neck , N. Y. " We were just looking for an alarm system; it just happened they had this addition , "
FROM his old friend , Chris Webber has received the following advice regarding his trade to the Sacramento Kings , a team he is reportedly not overjoyed about playing for: show up , suit up and shut up. That is our own paraphrased version , but Jimmy King , Webber ' s University of Michigan teammate when they were both one of five and life was fab , had the right idea. " I told him that to fight the trade would make him look like what people already think of him , a troublemaker , " King said. " With all that ' s gone on off the court , this should be a wake-up call. Just go play. " That
A team that ended up being loathed by parts of middle America last season for its brazen arrogance and outlaw roster has emerged this season with an identity as indistinguishable as a blade of grass. Nothing about the Knicks stands out. No character traits separate them. The same Knicks who finished last year with a dynamic personality have fallen back into the kind of mediocre state that nearly ruined them before they awoke for an electric springtime playoff run. Nearly despondent , the Knicks shrugged their shoulders as to why they have reverted to their bad habits and shuffled out of the Staples Center in
SOME of the greatest players in baseball history baseball immortals , as the mortals say -- had gathered , as they do every year around this time , to honor the new members of the Hall of Fame. This year the inductees were Gary Carter and Eddie Murray. Yesterday afternoon , just before the ceremony at the Clark Sports Center here , under gray clouds that threatened rain , a commotion bubbled up and grew in intensity. People in the audience craned their necks. Others stood on chairs to get a glimpse of the cause of the excitement. It turned out that the source of the hubbub was not the appearance of Willie Mays or Bob Feller or Yogi Berra or any of the other renowned pitchers and hitters in attendance
" One Electorate Under God ? " is the kind of book that writers are warned against. Never mind that its subject matter , the role of religion in American politics , has been far hotter this summer than the actual weather. Never mind that the book , edited by E. J. Dionne Jr. , Jean Bethke Elshtain and Kayla M. Drogosz , and published last month by the Brookings Institution , has a star-studded list of just over 50 contributors. That list includes congressmen , pollsters , theologians , historians and other scholars. It includes Protestants , Catholics , Jews , Muslims and nonbelievers -- and , of
Joe Paterno has begun sweeping up a shattered football season , but he sees luster in some of the shards in the dustpan. He was asked recently to provide some adjectives for this season , which could go down as the worst in his 35 years as the Penn State football coach. First , Paterno chuckled softly. Then he filibustered for a minute. Finally , he settled on three: disappointing , frustrating and exhilarating. He is disappointed and frustrated because he thought this team , though young , was capable of so much more and because he could not pull them from a malaise.
It happened first in California 15 years ago: a housing boom touched off a litigation boom as legions of lawyers filed lawsuits accusing builders of shoddy workmanship. Now it is Nevada ' s turn. Fueled by Americans ' gambling fever , Las Vegas and other Nevada resort cities have seen dizzying economic and population growth the last decade. And California lawyers who specialize in cases involving home construction defects , hit by a slump in their state ' s housing market , are practically drooling over the prospects next door. They are taking the Nevada bar exam at double the rate of three years ago and are aggressively
The ball ticked the net and plopped over onto Andre Agassi ' s side of the court like a cracked egg into a frying pan. Instead of giving up on the point , Agassi sprinted from the baseline and turned his racquet into a spatula. On the run , he flipped the ball back over the net and had the snap reflex to field a sharp volley by a hard-charging Nicolas Escude and put it away for a winner. At that moment , deep in a first-set tie breaker , Agassi seemed to nip the spirit of Escude under the night sky. From there , a relentless Agassi , placing his ground strokes like a pool shark , reconfirmed his status as the player most likely to succeed at the United States Open with a 7-6 ( 7-3 ) , 6-3
The Philadelphia Phillies complained to the National League office earlier this season about cameras at Shea Stadium , concerned that the Mets were using them to steal signs. Then , when the Phillies were at Shea again last week , Mets Manager Bobby Valentine said , the cords to one of the three cameras -- the one closest to the visitor ' s dugout -- were cut. Valentine has said in the past that he does not believe in coincidence. " I ' m sure it was vandalism , " Valentine said. " The timing was interesting. " Asked if he were insinuating that the Phillies were responsible , Valentine said , " I ' m sure
While his younger teammates spring off the court at the end of practice , Allan Houston sits alone and wraps his knees in ice , a sign of his age and a reminder of how things used to be. The ice reminds him of former teammates like Patrick Ewing , who used to endure the ritual every night when Houston arrived in New York in 1996. On Sunday afternoon , Houston played 39 minutes in the Knicks ' victory over the Washington Wizards. He scored 23 points and , most important , felt as mobile and as healthy as he had all season. He will be ready again Tuesday night when the Knicks play host to the Boston Celtics. After off-season arthroscopic surgery on his right knee and a stop-and-start recovery this season , Houston , who will turn 33
AH , the Yankees , the island of peace -- for today ' s baseball managers. Yes , friends , you read that right. The tremendously calm Joe Torre stands as a beacon of sanity in what was formerly the biggest cuckoo ' s nest in baseball. And this while some of the Yankee manager ' s more celebrated peers are either losing their heads , or having them lopped off. Take Baltimore ' s Davey Johnson , the manager of the winningest team in the American League but one who cannot stay out of harm ' s way. Johnson , on the verge of being fired
If you were certain your bank was charging you for every service possible , think again. Customers who renew safe-deposit boxes at Chase Manhattan Bank may have to pay a $5 " invoice processing fee " if they do not have an account with the bank. Chase began charging the fee last year , as customers find out when they receive their renewal notices. Box holders who have Chase accounts and who let the bank deduct the safe-deposit box rent directly from their checking accounts do not have to pay the fee; about half the bank ' s safe-deposit boxes , however , are rented by noncustomers. According to
PATRICK J. FANT acknowledges that the designs on his coffins may not be for everyone. But for some people , they are the only way to go. Standing recently in a Houston mortuary , Mr. Fant gazed at one of his favorites , which depicts a golf course with mountains in the background. " For a golfer , that ' s pretty much heaven right there , " he said. That design , " Fairway to Heaven " is one of 16 that Mr. Fant ' s company , White Light of Dallas , sells to families that want to add some originality to the business of sending loved ones to
No one has had a better view of the capriciousness of the N. B. A. As Kenyon Martin returns to play in New Jersey today for the first time since the Nets let him go in a controversial sign-and-trade with Denver last summer , he carries this distinction: He has had 5 coaches in 13 months. With the Nets , he played for Byron Scott , then Lawrence Frank. With the Nuggets , Jeff Bzdelik was replaced by the interim coach Michael Cooper , and now Martin is settling in , appreciatively , with George Karl. " Pretty crazy , " Martin said last week in a telephone interview. " I was just
Valhol , the Arkansas Derby winner whose jockey may or may not have used an illegal electrical device during the race , will get to run in the Kentucky Derby after all , although not with the same jockey. In Little Rock , Ark. , yesterday , Pulaski County Circuit Judge John Plegge ordered the Arkansas Racing Commission to pay Valhol ' s owner , Jim Jackson , the $300 , 000 winner ' s purse from the Arkansas Derby despite arguments by the commission that the Kentucky Derby would be tainted if Valhol ran in the race. Valhol will now have sufficient stakes earnings to qualify for Saturday ' s Kentucky Derby , which is expected to have a full field of 20
Watch Jimmy Johnson cut a creative swath through his workday and you understand that the new Miami Dolphins coach was paying rapt attention in class when he majored in psychology at the University of Arkansas. There usually is a calculating mind at work when Johnson threatens , cajoles , orders , preaches , commiserates , even cheerleads. It all depends on the situation and which player or players are involved. " I think the more you know about dealing with people , and the more you understand how they think , the better you can motivate them , " Johnson said. " I treat everybody different -- basically the better you perform
By turning aside 31 shots in a 3-1 victory at Madison Square Garden last night , Rangers goaltender Henrik Lundqvist ended the Devils ' nine-game winning streak , the second longest in franchise history. Lundqvist , 23 , also became the first Rangers rookie to record 20 victories in a season since Mike Richter had 21 in 1990-91. " I didn ' t know that , but of course it ' s fun to have records , " said Lundqvist , who , with his third consecutive victory , is 20-6-5 this season and 13-2-2 at home. " But I ' m not satisfied with 20. I ' m going
The Miami Dolphins were in their defensive huddle before the Atlanta Falcons came to the line of the scrimmage today in the game ' s waning seconds , needing 1 yard to possibly force overtime. Safety Brock Marion heard linebacker Zach Thomas say above the din: " Keep your heads up. They ' re not in the end zone yet. They got to get by us first. " Marion said that the unity coming out of that huddle was remarkable as the Dolphins stopped Atlanta fullback Bob Christian short , preserving a 21-14 victory and clinching a playoff spot in front
DEFYING all the actuarial tables , the older generations are multiplying. Every year , more and more people get this dreamy look in their eyes when they relate their youthful experiences to Coach John Beilein of West Virginia University. The common memory involves a pickup truck being driven to a mountaintop to catch a basketball game on the radio , crackling and squawking through the dense Appalachians , courtesy of the Mountaineer Sports Network. " We must have had a heck of a gym , because I have had a million people say they saw Jerry West play , " Beilein said yesterday. Jerry West still plays in the genes of West Virginia
There were only a few spectators in the stands today for the huge military parade on a hilltop here. It did not matter , though. The real audience was not in this northern city , near the border with the nominally independent Kurdish zone , but elsewhere. " Today we are here to show the Americans that we will stand strong against all aggression against Iraq , " said Abdullah Jamin Ahmed , 50 , a retiree with a gray mustache and an AK-47 leaning against his left shoulder. This was not the first parade , in recent months , of
Hesitant investors awaiting a glimmer of good news in the battered computer sector or an excuse for the Federal Reserve to leave interest rates alone found both late last week , and responded by slamming their hands down on the " buy " button. Two headlines did most to dispel the gloom: I. B. M. ' s $16 billion contract with Dell Computer , and the Labor Department ' s announcement that unemployment had unexpectedly ticked up a bit in February while average wages barely budged. Between them they set off two roaring days on Wall Street. The Dow industrials closed Friday at a new high of 9 , 736. 08 , a gain of 4. 6 percent for
When life is not going so smoothly and people reach for goodies full of fat and sugar , they are doing more than surrendering to cravings. Comfort foods like chocolate cake and ice cream literally blunt the body ' s response to chronic stress , scientists reported last week. The finding , published in the online edition of The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , confirms what many people know firsthand. Eating calorie-rich food seems to calm the nerves , but eating too much can lead to obesity , depression and more stress. This is the first time it has been shown that the tendency to overeat in the face of chronic stress is biologically driven ,
So many contenders entered the final round of the British Open with more experience and more success than Ben Curtis , the eventual champion. When they reflect on what could have been , Tiger Woods , Vijay Singh , Thomas Bjorn , Davis Love III and Sergio García will all wish they could play the final round again. Bjorn started the day with a one-stroke lead , Love was one stroke behind , and Singh , Woods and García trailed by two strokes. All left disappointed. " It feels like somebody has punched me in the stomach and sent me home , " said García , who shot a 74 and
ROBERT LISCOUSKI left his job as the head of information security at Coca-Cola three months ago to join a start-up. " I refer to it as DHS. com , and that ' s probably a good way to think about it , " he said. The pace of work is frenetic , the organization is being built from the ground up , and , like a dot-com in the euphoria years , the new Department of Homeland Security -- the DHS in Mr. Liscouski ' s locution -- will have some serious money to spend. Mr. Liscouski , an assistant secretary at the department , who
BARRY ORENSTEIN , an independent market researcher in Lexington , Mass. , has dropped everything and rushed out of his home office a dozen times in recent years to deal with his elderly parents ' emergencies. He schedules meetings with a backup plan in mind , and sometimes uses the midnight hour to catch up on his work. " You ' re always thinking , ' What if ? ' " said Mr. Orenstein , 61 , who helped care for his ailing father , Harold , for years before his death from congestive heart failure last September. Mr. Orenstein now shares the care of his mother , Phyllis , 88 , with his brother , Steve. " You have to remain as flexible as you can , "
ONE problem with doing the right thing is that it can be difficult to explain yourself when you stop. Charles R. Schwab , the founder of the Charles Schwab brokerage firm , is in that spot right now. In May 2003 , Mr. Schwab gave up the title of co-chief executive to be a model of the active nonexecutive chairman. Mr. Schwab said then that he had adopted the view of regulators , legislators and others that " it is important in today ' s environment that the positions of C. E. O. and chairman be distinct. " Then , on July 20 , Mr. Schwab
The hand-drawn banner hanging from the upper deck along the left-field line was new to the Metrodome , but the nickname on it was not. Frank Viola , the former Twins pitcher who threw out the ceremonial first pitch tonight , answered to Sweet Music in the late 1980 ' s , after leaving St. John ' s University. But for Game 2 of the American League Championship Series , the banner identified a new one: Rick " Sweet Music " Reed. It fit. Pitching with guile and precision control , Reed , a former Met , collected 9 of his team-high 15 victories in the second half to help the Twins overcome injuries to Brad Radke and Joe Mays and win the American
There are two power centers in Iran. One is the Government , chosen by voters and open to improved relations with the United States. The other is the clerical establishment , self-appointed and virulently anti-American. President Clinton was right yesterday to welcome President Mohammed Khatami ' s encouraging call for a dialogue with Washington , but the White House should not mistake the overture as a sign that Iran ' s powerful clerics have endorsed a more peaceful foreign policy. The journey back to normal relations with Iran , if it unfolds at all , will be slow and circuitous. Mr. Khatami , overwhelmingly elected in May by millions of citizens weary of Islamic zealotry , has a more moderate vision for Iran than Ayatollah Ali
IN some ways , the main trading floor at BlackRock looks more like the cockpit of the Starship Enterprise than the nerve center of one of the industry ' s fastest-growing investment management companies. A small army of studious portfolio managers sits in a vast amphitheater. The managers sit row upon row , hunched over their flickering screens , fiddling with the esoteric financial models that have become BlackRock ' s trademark. No shouts are heard , just the quiet hum of computer terminals. The captain of this sleek corporate machine is Laurence D. Fink , 51 , the founder and chief executive of BlackRock. And his new Mr. Spock is Peter R. Fisher , 47 , a former under secretary
David Cone carried a Yankee cap with him to Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center in Manhattan yesterday for Darryl Strawberry , a cap with Strawberry ' s No. 39 embroidered on it. Cone knew that Strawberry had seen the caps on television , but he wanted to give him one remind his teammate just how much he meant to the Yankees. Strawberry underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumor from his colon on Saturday , and Cone and Manager Joe Torre were among a group of Yankees who visited him in the hospital less than 24 hours later. They represented the close-knit team , whose players and coaches had been anxious to see Strawberry and let him know he was in their thoughts as they played on in
It is just a Kansas school board election , a primary election at that. But no one in Kansas or anywhere else is taking this race for granted. Tens of thousands of dollars have been raised , some from out of state , whereas previous board candidates raised only a few hundred dollars. Candidates are taking the unusual step of running television commercials and are printing up leaflets and yard signs by the thousands. Democrats are switching their party affiliation just to vote for school board candidates in the Republican primary. And in what political observers consider extraordinary , Kansas ' s highest-ranking Republicans -- the governor and a United States senator -- have not only weighed in
Whether he is fairly paid or underpaid , Curt Schilling earns his money. No , he more than earns it. He works overtime , both on days when he is supposed to work and on days when he is supposed to be off. In an era of pitch counts and pitcher pampering , Schilling is the square peg in the round hole. He just doesn ' t fit. The dean of the Philadelphia Phillies ' attractive young team , Schilling is the reincarnation of Robin Roberts , the team ' s Hall of Fame pitching star of the first half of the 1950 ' s , a player who more often than not completed what he started. Last season , Schilling led the major leagues in pitchers ' blue-collar statistics , working 268 2/3 innings and throwing 4 , 213
Derek Jeter does not try to disguise his hitting strategy. He looks for fastballs , whether it is the first inning or the ninth inning , whether he is facing Curt Schilling or Keith Foulke , whether it is the second game in April or the 172nd game in October. Jeter believes that approach enables him to be ready for a heater and to be poised to react to other pitches. If Jeter sees the red seams of the baseball buzzing toward him like a red dot , he knows it is a slider. If he sees the seams spinning from 12 o ' clock to 6 o ' clock , he knows it is a curveball. When Foulke tossed a 3-2 pitch yesterday in the
For Dick Vermeil , the new coach and general manager of the St. Louis Rams , the day begins at 6 A. M. and ends around midnight. He says he is not sleeping on office couches anymore , but around the National Football League the word is out that Vermeil is already approaching the feverish schedule that drove him from the Philadelphia Eagles 15 years ago , when he was worn out from the long hours , his mind overloaded with facts and numbers and faces. Now , at 60 , he runs the Rams. Runs them in every way. The hot concept these
As prefight hyperbole goes , no mystery needs unearthing , no catch slogan will oversell the promotion. Simply , two questions need answering: Is Lennox Lewis done ? And if so , is Hasim Rahman for real ? " This is about one guy fighting for everything he has and another fighting for everything he wants , " said Mark Taffet , the head of HBO pay-per-view , which is televising the rematch between Rahman and Lewis on Saturday night. The undercard begins at 9 p. m. Eastern time and the main event at about midnight. When they fought in South Africa last April ,
Bobby Gonzalez pulled out his best suit for his Madison Square Garden debut and tried his best not to sweat while his Manhattan College basketball team missed 19 of its first 22 shots. In the final minutes , though , he shed the suit jacket , even as his team pushed ahead , because that ' s what head coaches do. In his first season at Manhattan , Gonzalez has to look the part to help shift his reputation from that of a recruiting star to a bench coach. He still is a recruiter , rounding up a solid class in less than
THE END OF FAITH Religion , Terror , and the Future of Reason. By Sam Harris. 336 pp. W. W. Norton &amp; Company. $24. 95. When I was 8 years old , my family was in a terrible car accident , and my older brother almost died. The next night , as I lay scared and sleepless on my paternal grandmother ' s living-room couch , she softly explained to me who was to blame. Not my father ' s Aunt Estelle , a dour , aging wild woman and devout Baptist , who , as usual , was driving recklessly fast. No , the reason Estelle ' s station wagon flipped over and Joe was thrown out the back window was this:
There has been a clamor for Giants Coach Jim Fassel to open up the offense and take some unconventional risks as the season winds down. Giants fans may soon be getting their wish. Does a 275-pound split end sound unconventional enough ? Should the 275-pound Howard Cross , the team ' s starting tight end , end up split wide as a receiver on Sunday , it will not be an attempt by Fassel to be unorthodox , however. It will be a move of desperation brought on by injuries. In the last several days the Giants have lost the wide receivers David Patten and Joe Jurevicius to knee injuries , and a third receiver , Chris Calloway , is
Ordered to stop the scientific research he thought extremely promising , Shuji Nakamura hid the work from his superiors at a Japanese chemical company. He secretly obtained patents in the company ' s name. Dr. Nakamura ' s mission paid off: his inventions revolutionized the world of consumer electronics. One helped make possible an array of products , from flat-panel computer screens to video billboards to long-lasting , efficient flashlights. Another will make it possible to store 5 to 10 movies on a single DVD-like disk. Dr. Nakamura has been celebrated in the United States as an innovative pioneer. But in Japan he is more controversial. After it was clear his inventions would make a lot of
Amid injury and inconsistency , the Knicks were forced to concentrate as they headed into consecutive games against the Chicago Bulls and Minnesota Timberwolves. The result: consecutive victories that impressed their toughest critic. " Maybe I ' ve underestimated what we ' re going through at times , " said Knicks Coach Jeff Van Gundy , who has occasionally questioned his players ' fire and drive this season. " We have had to find ways to win , and we ' ve been successful. It does you no good to play hard and still lose. " Van Gundy made those comments before Saturday night ' s 88-79 victory
Is Scott Sassa , the president of NBC ' s West Coast division , in so much trouble with the network ' s management that he is about to be fired ? Not at all , say a wide range of senior NBC executives. The officials were put on the defensive last week when The New York Post published an article saying that John F. Welch Jr. , the chairman of General Electric , NBC ' s parent , had criticized Mr. Sassa during a tense senior management meeting last Tuesday. The article said that Mr. Sassa would be out in a matter of days. Dismissing the threat to Mr. Sassa , Kassie Canter , the corporate spokeswoman
" ON a winning streak , " Gabe Paul used to say when he was running the streaking New York Yankees , " even the food tastes better. " Nobody has asked Cigar how his food tastes these days , but he has been eating it up with gusto. He has gained back the weight he lost five months ago after flying halfway round the world and winning the $4 million Dubai World Cup. And he looked shiny and commanding yesterday morning as he was exercised , bathed and pampered on the eve of trying to win the $1 million Pacific Classic and complete the greatest winning streak in modern
Yesterday was a proud and hopeful day for Afghanistan. After centuries of monarchy , foreign occupation , civil war and Taliban tyranny , Hamid Karzai was inaugurated as the country ' s first democratically elected president. Washington , which played a vital role in this welcome transition , sent a high-level delegation , led by Vice President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. But the biggest credit goes to the Afghan people , who braved long lines and threats of Taliban terror in October to have a say in their political future. But their hopes won ' t be fulfilled until Afghanistan has an elected parliament as well. Parliamentary elections , which were originally supposed to be held at the same time
Seamus Heaney still remembers that day in 1968 when the shy 16-year-old stood before him , a small , cherubic boy from a modest family , with a wash of wild , curly hair framing his face. The boy , Paul Muldoon , had just been introduced to Mr. Heaney , the poet , by his high school English teacher at a reading in Armagh in Northern Ireland. Mr. Muldoon asked if he could send Mr. Heaney his poems. He said yes , and in the mail they came. There was one about a lamb: " You were first. /The ewe
BASEBALL American League BALTIMORE ORIOLES -- Placed OF Jay Gibbons on the 15-day DL , retroactive to May 26. Recalled OF Tim Raines Jr. from Ottawa of the IL. CLEVELAND INDIANS -- Announced the resignation of Tom Burns , director of public relations and marketing for Buffalo of the IL , effective June 12. MINNESOTA TWINS -- Activated C Joe Mauer from the 15-day DL. Optioned 1B Justin Morneau to Rochester of the IL. YANKEES -- Placed OF Kenny Lofton on the 15-day DL , retroactive to May 27. Recalled RHP Bret Prinz from Columbus of the IL. OAKLAND ATHLETICS -- Placed 3B Eric Chavez on the 15-day DL. Recalled
The Jets peeked at the scoreboard today , and when was the last time they did that in November ? They watched as Miami and New England lost , and sole possession of first place in the American Football Conference East became available. The Jets had not held it this late in the season since 1986. On a day when drenching rain chased thousands of fans to an early exit , all the Jets needed against the Baltimore Ravens was to hold on to a 16-9 lead through the fourth quarter. And then the Ravens tied the score with only 3 seconds left to force an overtime. No problem for these Jets. Behind the backup quarterback Glenn Foley , who came off the bench to
Baseball American League CHICAGO WHITE SOX -- Traded RHP Luis Andujar and RHP Allen Halley to the Toronto Blue Jays for LHP Tony Castillo and INF Domingo Cedeno. Announced the termination of their affiliation with South Bend of the Midwest League at the end of this season. SEATTLE MARINERS -- Signed OF Claudio Liverziani to a minor-league contract. National League PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES -- Agreed to terms with 2B Mickey Morandini on a three-year contract. Basketball National Basketball Association PHILADELPHIA 76ERS -- Signed C-F Michael Cage. Football National Football League CHARLOTTE PANTHERS -- Waived WR Reggie Jones. KANSAS CITY CHIEFS -- Released
President Bush agreed today to begin negotiations in the United Nations Security Council to authorize a multinational force for Iraq but insisted that the troops be placed under American command , according to senior administration officials. Mr. Bush ' s decision came in a meeting this afternoon with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell. While not unexpected , it was a tacit admission that the current American-dominated force is stretched too thin. It also amounts to one of the most significant changes in strategy since the end of major combat in Iraq. The White House acted just as a new Congressional study showed that the Army lacked the active-duty troops to
Managing people is hard. And it ' s going to get even harder. Consider what the average boss is up against these days. Rapid growth and mergers and acquisitions are roiling corporate America , creating management headaches that must be handled with some old-fashioned command-and-control leadership. After all , to wring out inefficiencies and cut costs , companies have to make sure things are done a certain way. And that means lots of memorandums , policies and rules. At the same time , managers are increasingly expected to accommodate the particular work styles of their employees. Otherwise , they are reminded over and over , their valued workers may leave for a competitor that better understands the intangible side of running a business. In an age of so-called talent shortages , on top of an overall employee shortage
Randi Wittlin-Weiss died young , at 40. In her eulogy , as in so many eulogies of late , her husband , Ken Weiss , said things he never would have said before Sept. 11. " I said that to me , she was as much a hero as the police officers and firefighters that are heroes now to everyone else , " Mr. Weiss said the day after his wife was buried in the Beth Moses Cemetery on Long Island. " I consider her one of the most courageous people I have ever known. " Ms. Wittlin-Weiss , a former marketing executive and stay-at-home mother
An additional 407 ethnic Albanians , among more than a million pushed out of their homes in Kosovo by Serbian security forces , arrived at this training camp turned immigration center today. The newcomers appeared more exhausted than exhilarated by their journey to a new life so far from home. Some hobbled down the steps of the blue-and-white Boeing 747 charter plane that brought them here , and a toddler burst into tears upon seeing an American soldier on the runway. Most of the refugees who arrived today , like the first group of 453 Kosovar Albanians who arrived Wednesday , are beginning a lonely journey. They do not have relatives in the United States and
Jason Kidd is returning to San Antonio on Wednesday , and he cannot even be sure that one of his favorite restaurants , Rosario ' s Mexican Cafe , will embrace him anymore. The reception for Kidd is sure to be much different from the last time he was in town. In July , he was treated to a free-agent recruiting bonanza , led by Spurs Coach Gregg Popovich , and chauffeured by the league ' s most valuable player , Tim Duncan. Kidd spurned the Spurs and re-signed with the Nets for six years and $103 million. When Kidd is
Need to fly from New York to Dallas at the last minute ? It will cost you $1 , 508 for a midweek round trip. From New York to Los Angeles ? A round trip is $1 , 748. How about Atlanta ? The fare is $1 , 046. Since a bruising fare war in the summer of 1992 , airlines have been steadily raising ticket prices for travelers , typically business people , who fly during the workweek on short notice. The increases have hit particularly hard the smaller companies that lack the clout to negotiate discounts with airlines. The average round-trip business fare climbed to $820 in January from $442 in May 1992 , an
To the Sports Editor: Here are some thoughts on Diana Nyad ' s excellent article , " Why Mixing With Men Matters " ( May 18 ) , and her reference to my playing on the women ' s pro tennis tour after my sex change in the late 70 ' s. Diana tried to reach me before the article was finished and I tried to call her , but we never connected. Yes , she is right , I was well past my prime as a tennis player when I joined the tour; I was
Larry Brown , whose dream job of coaching the Knicks turned into a nightmare last season and led to a hiatus from the N. B. A. , resurfaced with the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday , looking relaxed , offering a smile and saying that he had no immediate plans to return to coaching. Brown met with reporters in a formal setting for the first time since the Knicks dismissed him last June. His new title , announced Saturday , is executive vice president of the 76ers , who have the worst record ( 9-24 ) in the Eastern Conference. They can use some help , and Brown said he was glad to provide it. " I ' m happy
Derek Jeter , who has a sore back , a sore right shoulder and a strained left hamstring , no longer stands for postgame interviews. He always sits. He probably needs the rest. Jeter was asked how he was feeling after another hitless night in Game 2 of the World Series , and he quickly said , " I ' m fine. " Then someone told Jeter that he would not tell reporters he was hurting even if was , and he smiled , agreed and said , " Yeah , but I ' m fine. " Jeter is not fine. Neither are the Yankees. Not after Randy Johnson dominated the Yankees to power the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 4-0 victory and a 2-0 lead
It is not easy to find the upside in a 6-3 loss , but Coach Butch Goring of the Islanders tried hard to accentuate the positives after his team was beaten tonight by the Florida Panthers. " We have a mission here , " Goring said. " We ' re going to play with energy and we ' re going to play hard and we ' re going to do it regardless of the score. " His overview of tonight ' s game before 14 , 342 at the National Car Rental Center was simple: the young Islanders , missing the experienced defensemen Rich Pilon and Jamie Heward with injuries , were overwhelmed early , had several bad
A jury here has assessed punitive damages of more than $760 million against five oil and chemical companies for injuries suffered by workers building the Stealth fighter at the Lockheed Corporation , lawyers involved in the case said today. The decision by the Los Angeles County Superior Court jury followed a finding that the companies had not provided adequate warning about the toxic effects of chemicals like solvents that were used in the manufacture of the radar-evading aircraft in the 1960 ' s , 1970 ' s and 1980 ' s. The jury , which last week assessed $25. 4 million in compensatory damages against
They slapped hands , smiled and exhaled , accepting their gold medals as incentives for the real thing next summer in Greece. Roy Williams stood to the side Sunday and watched the players on the United States men ' s basketball team celebrate after they thrashed Argentina to win the Americas Olympic qualifying tournament in San Juan , P. R. " The greatest thrill for me was standing over by the chairs and watching the medal ceremony , just seeing our guys , " Williams said. It gave him ideas. Williams , whose shiny gray hair , 80. 5 winning percentage at Kansas and new job at North Carolina make him one of the most