The Strange and the Beautiful It takes a while to figure out why Dr . Mark Mahowald ' s grainy sleep-lab videos are so spooky . One immediate reason is the phenomena on the footage -- a class of disorders called " parasomnias , " which are defined as unwanted and involuntary behaviors during sleep and are by definition occult , because they appear when most people are unable to witness them . But even the scientists who stay up late by profession never quite get used to what they see . Mahowald , a neurology professor at the University of Minnesota and director of the Minnesota Regional Sleep Disorders Center , likes to say to his students , " We study the strange and the beautiful . "   To judge from the tapes , that ' s the understatement of the semester .   Here ' s a bearded elder man bolting up at 4:30 a . m . He clutches his left leg , waves his right arm and brays at the top of his lungs -- HO ! HO ! HO ! " -- dementedly jolly cries that also evoke something bestial and wounded . In the morning he remembers nothing of this " confusional arousal " triggered by obstructive sleep apnea , a condition in which a constriction of the throat causes you to gasp for breath . Inevitably the man came to be known at the lab as Santa Claus . Mahowald said that when the patient saw himself on tape he was " horrified " but finally understood why he ' d been kicked out of so many hotels .   Here ' s a fat , frizzy-haired woman in bed grinding her teeth . The sound is like a door hinge in a haunted house . Her left hand fumbles for a snack; she starts to eat , with no conscious control over her actions .   Here are people in the midst of " partial " arousals who spring from bed and rip off the electrodes glued to their heads , removing patches of their scalps as well; people who box the air , flail at imaginary snakes , twitch , jerk , groan , rub their genitals , bloody their hands on nightstands or rock and tremble like bobble-head dolls . People who by day are wry , levelheaded paragons of mental health but who at night find themselves locked in life-and-death struggles with intruders .   Mel Abel , for instance . He ' s a droll , mild-mannered man who grew up on a farm in Minnesota , owned a tavern for a while and sold real estate . A taped snippet of one of his nights in the sleep lab is part of a parasomnia training video . At 4:24 a . m . , Mel begins sleep-talking: " Quit using the goddamn bowl for banging like that -- quit it now ! Get the hell out of here ! Go on ! That ' s about four times this morning that I have told you . I don ' t know if you ' re that deaf or that dumb , which . . . goddamn continuously . . . . What the hell are you looking for , a walleye ? "   For sure , some of these spectacles are hilarious . It ' s hard not to laugh when a sane Midwesterner who doesn ' t have a cat sits on the edge of his bed asleep , saying , " Here , kitty , kitty , kitty . " But it ' s not so funny if you are one of the automatons eating raw bacon and cigarettes . Some parasomnia cases have the parameters of Greek tragedy . Mel Abel ' s eyes brim with tears when he tells how criminally close he came to harming his wife , Harriet . He was struggling with a deer whose neck he was trying to snap when he discovered he was actually home in bed with his hands on Harriet ' s head and chin . Harriet woke him up , hollering , " Mel , what in the world are you trying to do ? "   These after-hours manifestations of the strange and beautiful undermine all our noonday notions of who we are and what we can command . Suddenly it ' s easy to understand what spawned the lore of demons and succubi , those " old hags " from whom the word nightmare is derived , and the countless other psychoreligious confabulations dreamed up over the centuries since Plato declared that " in all of us , even good men , there is a lawless wild-beast nature which peers out in sleep . "   Our ideas about ourselves are constantly evolving , but the pace of the revisions lately has been accelerated by phenomenal advances in both neuroscience and sleep medicine , which is one of the youngest sciences . " We are at the dawn of the golden age of sleep research , " says David Dinges , chief of the division of sleep and chronobiology in the department of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania . " The field is moving so fast scientifically that few researchers can even take the time to write a book . "   New data about parasomnias are emerging in the context of a " folk psychology " that has been shaped by a century of Freudian opinion . If we now conceive of demons and their ilk as repressed conflicts and developmental traumas and accept as axiomatic that the self is not limited to what we are strictly conscious of even when fully awake , we also suppose our behaviors are pregnant with hidden meanings and that our psyches speak in codes only $200-an-hour masterminds can crack . We suppose hidden truths are waiting to surface when the guard of waking is dropped .   Parasomnias are interesting for the ways they undercut these contentions -- for what they imply about the scope and nature of the self . They point toward a novel model of the mind that envisions waking , sleeping and dreaming as distinct neurodynamic states that lie along a continuum and are separated by imperfect , sometimes porous boundaries . States can get " dissociated " or mixed together in the way script from one program can hang up in another when you ' re shifting between the windows of a buggy computer . If this " state dissociation " model proposes a brave new world shorn of some of our most cozy truisms , it also raises those questions that inevitably trail after radical revisions: that ' s to say , who are we now under these strange new terms , and how should we live ?   Drama Queens It ' s probably safe to say that as long as people have been sleeping they have been having problems sleeping , but the consensus now is that things have never been worse . Electric lights , night shifts , double espressos , after-dark distractions , even the archetype of the macho workaholic have combined to murder sleep . Millions of Americans have what is called " sleep debt , " which preliminary studies indicate may lead to heart disease , stroke , diabetes and depression , among other troubles .   For about 40 million Americans , sleeping woes can be linked to at least one of the 84 official sleep disorders , the most common of which are chronic insomnia and obstructive sleep apnea . People with sleep apnea can wake up hundreds of times a night and not know it . On the other hand , parasomnias , which account for about 10 percent of sleep disorders , are the drama queens of the night , known if not to the afflicted players ( who are by definition asleep ) then certainly to their boggled bed partners . They are generally divided into two categories that reflect the now canonical states of the sleeping brain -- those that occur in Rapid Eye Movement ( REM ) sleep and those that arise from non-REM ( NREM ) sleep .   The most common NREM parasomnias , sleepwalking and sleep terrors , are often triggered by so-called partial or confusional arousals from the deepest stages of sleep . Some stimulus like a loud noise or a full bladder half-wakes you up , and you have enough awareness to perform fairly complex motor behaviors -- enough to drive a car , say , or turn on a microwave -- but not enough to be considered the agent of your actions by traditional standards . The amnesia characteristic of NREM arousals seems almost incredible in the case of sleep terrors , where people will often bolt up bug-eyed , screaming like actresses in straight-to-video horror movies . It ' s no wonder that the prevailing opinion until recently was that these disorders signaled some seriously loose screws .   " We were taught in medical school in the 60 ' s that sleepwalking and sleep terrors in adults were associated with significant underlying psychiatric disease , " Mahowald told me . " I actually taught that because that ' s what the book said . Then we saw a lot of adults with sleepwalking and sleep terrors who were perfectly well wired neurologically and psychiatrically . People just didn ' t want to believe that a perfectly normal adult could have sleep terrors and sleepwalking . "   Sleepwalking and sleep terrors are so common among children between the ages of 4 and 12 that they ' re considered normal developmental behavior . It ' s one measure of how culture is imposed on us that what ' s normal in children is problematic in adults . Often sleepwalkers , or people with some of the other disorders like sleep-talking , sleep-groaning or periodic limb movement disorder , don ' t seek treatment until they ' re planning to head off to college or join the Army and are faced with the prospect of exhibiting their embarrassing night life in a dorm or a barracks .   The first window for REM parasomnias opens with the initial phase of sleep associated with vivid dreams . Rapid Eye Movement sleep could just as easily be named after one of its other features , muscle paralysis , or atonia , which is what prevents you from sitting up in a dream to pet a cat you don ' t have . The presence of muscle tone is a key to REM behavior disorder , perhaps the most significant of all the parasomnias .   The mystery of the brain ' s nightly oscillations between REM and NREM is part of the larger enigma of sleep itself . No one really knows why we have to throw ourselves onto a pallet every evening , or why the average person spends about 25 years of his or her life sleeping ( or trying to sleep ) . All that ' s certain is that sleep is essential for many species of birds and for all mammals , and that evolution seems to have taken pains to keep it in the picture . ( Dolphins , for example , would drown if they couldn ' t stay awake to regulate their respiration , but their brains have evolved the ingenious ability to sleep one hemisphere at a time . )   Much of what is known about parasomnias has been gathered in sleep clinics , the first of which was established only in 1970 at Stanford University . There are now hundreds of clinics in the United States . When an especially baffling parasomnia case appears , doctors sometimes refer patients to top centers like the Minnesota Regional Sleep Disorders Center , where Mark Mahowald and his colleague Carlos Schenck have been mapping this esoteric patch of the mind-body problem for more than 20 years . Late last summer Mahowald invited me to visit the Minnesota clinic , and Schenck , a psychiatrist on staff there , offered to introduce me to some of his patients -- a group of Midwesterners who were more intimately acquainted with the strange and beautiful than they ' d ever bargained for .   " Nine Years of Hell " In 1979 , after 33 years of marriage , Rowena Pope thought she knew her husband , Cal , as well as any soul mate could . They lived in a house in a northern suburb of Minneapolis . They had raised six daughters and a son . They had started out " poor as Job ' s turkey , " as Rowena put it , but had worked hard , Cal as a customs broker , and Rowena in jobs at a local newspaper , a law office and the municipal court . She could finish her husband ' s sentences and start a lot of them , too , because he was a man of few words -- dutiful , undemonstrative , slow to anger , gentle .   " He ' s part of that generation of men who came home from World War II , took off the uniform and never said a word about it to anybody , and anybody who did say a word was a blowhard , " Rowena told me when I visited them at their house .   One spring night in 1979 , asleep in bed , she woke up to find herself under attack . It was Cal , of all people . " He was violently kicking and pummeling me and carrying on , " she recalled . " His feet were just like hammers -- bang ! bang ! bang ! It lasted about a minute but it seemed like forever . He was asleep . I asked him when he woke up , ' What in the world is happening ? ' And he said , ' I don ' t know . " '   She was angry and frightened , but mostly puzzled .   When he came home from work that night , he said he finally figured out that he had been having a dream and in it , an intruder had come into their bedroom and he was trying to drive him out .   " That was the beginning of nine years of hell , " Rowena said .   Night after night , Cal would kick and shout in his sleep . The episodes began to take a toll on the house , not to mention on Cal ' s body . He knocked pictures off the wall . A head butt left a crack in a walnut dresser that had belonged to Rowena ' s mother . He threw a punch that put a crater in the plaster bedside wall . He cracked a toe , and bloodied his knuckles more times than anybody could count .   The episodes also began to take an emotional toll on Rowena . " There was never a time when we were free of it , " she said . " We turned down invitations to stay overnight at friends ' houses . Cal never wanted to travel . At night he would be shouting and cavorting and carrying on . I finally said , ' You have to sleep in another room . ' I talked to our family doctor , and he said , ' Oh , it might be something he ate . ' People didn ' t know anything about this . "   She thought maybe Cal had post-traumatic stress from the horrors of his experience in the war . What was most exasperating was that Cal didn ' t think he really had a problem . When he was dreaming he lacked any awareness of being in a dream , and when he would wake up , he had little if any memory of what had happened . Because his sleep was chopped up with so many arousals , he was often exhausted during the day and would come home from work and collapse .   " I just figured I was working too hard , " he said .   " Sometimes he would shout out in his sleep ' No ! No ! No ! " ' Rowena said . " I had never heard him sound so anguished before in my life . It was heart-rending . He ' s never been in a fight as far as I ' m aware of . He was never jealous . "   They took all the framed pictures out of the room . They got a bed that was low to the floor and under the carpet laid a double-thick pad to cushion the falls Cal might take .   A feeling of estrangement crept over their marriage . Cal eventually moved all his clothes and belongings into another room . Sleeping in separate beds was " abhorrent " to Rowena , but she felt there was no choice .   Then one afternoon she saw a report on the local TV news about a man who mistook his wife for a deer . It was Mel Abel . Rowena tried to persuade Cal to have an evaluation . He resisted , even though the behavior seemed to be getting worse . She recalled one incident in an account she wrote up:  " One afternoon while he was napping on the couch as I read a book , he played out a scene more awful than anything I had ever seen or heard . He rolled off the couch and hit the floor . Normally , a fall to the floor would have awakened him . But instead he began roaring like a wounded wild animal . I sat in my chair frozen with fear as I watched the unbelievable scene unfold . He roared , he crouched , he pounced and finally crawled into a space between the couch and the wall , as if in a den or lair . When I was able to speak I shouted to awaken him . He could not believe my description of what had just happened , even though he was surprised to find himself on the floor . "   Rowena had finally had enough . She wrote to the Minnesota sleep center and in November 1988 got Cal an appointment with Dr . Schenck . The next month he spent two nights in the sleep lab . The diagnosis was indeed what Mel Abel ' s had been: REM behavior disorder .   " It was such a relief to get a diagnosis and treatment , " Rowena said . " At the time they had only diagnosed 25 people . "   Only two years earlier in the journal Sleep , Mahowald and Schenck had published what would come to be considered one of the seminal papers in the field , formally identifying REM behavior disorder ( R . B . D . ) as a new parasomnia . R . B . D . mainly affects men over 50 and is characterized clinically by changes in the nature and range of a patient ' s dreams , as well as by a spectacular loss of the muscle paralysis that prevents most people from acting their dreams out .   In a way , REM behavior disorder is the mirror image of narcolepsy , the well-known disorder that can cause people to nod out in the middle of a sentence . In narcolepsy , a feature of REM sleep ( muscle atonia ) intrudes into waking . In REM behavior disorder , a feature of waking ( muscle tone ) intrudes into REM sleep . A sedative , clonazepam , which works in ways nobody really understands , has been proved an effective treatment for REM behavior disorder . It doesn ' t restore the muscle paralysis but seems to calm the brain down enough to keep the dreamers in their beds .   What makes REM behavior disorder so theatrical is not just the dream enactment but also the change in the character of the dreams . They become more like pulp fiction , filled with intruders , obscenities , kicks and uppercuts . Here , you might think , is a psychologically rich parasomnia in which the sleeping mind betrays the unexpurgated feelings hidden behind the mask of civility .   Apparently not .   " The R . B . D . behaviors and their associated stereotypic dream changes are the most reflexive by-products of altered brain-stem activity , " Schenck told me . " They are behavioral storms coming from the brain stem . "   In Schenck and Mahowald ' s view , what argues for the finding that R . B . D . behavior has little if anything to do with psychodynamic factors are the famous experiments with cats that anticipated the discovery of REM behavior disorder in humans . Michel Jouvet and his colleagues in France in the 1960 ' s made lesions in cat brain stems that prevented muscle atonia . When the cats went into REM sleep , they didn ' t lie immobilized in the dream world; they scrambled up , arched their backs and acted out all sorts of aggressive automatic behaviors .   " The categories of behavior seen in REM-behavior-disorder patients are the exact same categories seen in animals , " Schenck said . " We see simple jerking and twitching , orientation responses , locomotion and violent behaviors . We don ' t see feeding , eating , grooming or sexual behavior . Basically , with REM behavior disorder your dream content gets very restricted . Everything is shunted along certain pathways . A lot of people say after treatment , ' I can have my regular dreams again ! " '   One of Schenck and Mahowald ' s most remarkable findings was that in 65 percent of their male patients over 50 ( without a neurological condition ) , the onset of REM behavior disorder proved to be a harbinger of Parkinson ' s disease . Some patients actually experienced changes in the content of their dreams months before they began acting them out . In those who developed Parkinson ' s , symptoms of the disease appeared within 13 years on average from the onset of R . B . D .   Schenck and Mahowald identified R . B . D . , but they were not the first to describe the behavior , as Schenck learned in December 1996 , when he flew to Madrid to give some talks to a Spanish neurological society . At dinner one night , two of his colleagues presented him with a gift , a copy of Miguel de Cervantes ' s epic novel " Don Quixote , " published in 1605 . A passage was marked on Page 364 . Schenck , who speaks Spanish , began to smile as he read Cervantes ' s lines: " He was thrusting his sword in all directions , speaking out loud as if he were actually fighting a giant . And the strange thing was that he did not have his eyes open , because he was asleep and dreaming that he was battling the giant . . . . He had stabbed the wine skins so many times , believing that he was stabbing the giant , that the entire room was filled with wine . " A classic case of R . B . D . , described 381 years before the condition was recognized .   Cal Pope still thrashes in his sleep , but his medication has managed the behavior fairly well for 14 years now , and some good things have come back into his and Rowena ' s lives -- not everything , but Rowena prefers to count her blessings . After 56 years of marriage , she has the company of her husband again , not that wild beast that was peering out at her from sleep . They go to the movies once a week . Evenings at home they watch the news together , sometimes sharing a bowl of popcorn or ice cream , and then around 10 , still a little wary of the night , they head off to separate rooms .   " Even the Mice Have Left " Because people have been devising theories about the meaning of dreams for centuries , convinced that dreams are messages from God or postcards from the unconscious or telepathic communiqués from the great beyond , it ' s hard to imagine that a sleep disorder involving dreams could reveal so little about an individual ' s psyche . But this is what sleep scientists argue is the case . As Schenck noted , in both REM and NREM parasomnias , more than 90 percent of the wild stuff recorded in the sleep lab are " automatic behaviors related to neuronal activity and/or abnormal or confusional interactions with the immediate environment . " In the more relaxed setting of the home , he says , there is a slight increase in what he termed " psychologically meaningful " behaviors for people with NREM disorders like sleepwalking and sleep terrors and , to a lesser degree , sleep-related eating disorder . For those with REM behavior disorder , however , being at home makes virtually no difference .   " In the lab , what we see a little more of aren ' t really ' deep-seated ' psychological behaviors dealing with neurosis , " Schenck said . " They ' re more things like a mother searching for her baby and picking her baby up for fear the baby may not be safe . "   Maureen Strehlow , a 57-year-old woman with dark brown eyes and hair , lives alone south of Minneapolis . It has been 10 years since she first walked into the Minnesota Regional Sleep Disorders Center . At that time , she had been divorced a few years; she was living with her three children , and she was at her wit ' s end .   She had discovered that she was powerless to stop eating in her sleep -- sleep , or whatever that twilight state was in which she would traverse the hall from the bed to the kitchen , usually with no recollection in the morning but aware enough at the time to rummage in the counter drawer for the stale licorice behind the coffee filters . The list of tactics that failed to thwart her behavior was long . She had tried to " prime " herself not to eat . She ' d hung paper plates block-lettered with the word " EAT " with a bold slash through it . She had even hired one of her daughters at a few dollars a night to bed down in the hall outside Maureen ' s room on the theory that the teenager might be alert enough to intervene , or at least present an obstacle .   " You know how kids sleep , " Maureen recalled . " A bulldozer could hit the house and they wouldn ' t wake up . The first night I stepped right over her . "   Maureen got rid of the sweets she usually went for , but then she discovered one morning that she had opened a can of soup and picked out the mushrooms .   She was so tired in the morning she would hit the snooze alarm six times . What bothered her more than the fatigue and the lack of control was how she was ruining her figure . For a while , she had a helpful adversary in her youngest daughter , Suzanne .   " Five or six times Suzanne heard me get up in the night and came running upstairs from the basement . She would stand there with her hands on her hips and say , ' You ' re eating ! ' And I ' d say , ' I ' m not eating ! ' And she ' d say: ' Duh ! You are too ! ' Part of me was mad at her . And then in the morning , if I hadn ' t eaten , I ' d be so grateful . Sometimes I was totally asleep; other times I had some awareness . I would say 75 percent of the time when I woke up in the morning I ' d have no memory of getting up and eating . But then something might jog me and I ' d remember . "   She had been eating in her sleep since her late teens , finding clues like chocolate frosting on her pillow or cherry pits and porkchop bones in the sheets . " I thought I was the only person in the world doing this . I would wake up in the morning wondering , What did you do last night ? "   In 1992 , a friend was listening to a radio program that featured Carlos Schenck talking about people who eat in their sleep . There had been scattered case reports of nocturnal eating in the medical literature going back to the 1940 ' s , but in 1991 , again in the journal Sleep , Schenck and Mahowald described 19 cases of what they were formally introducing as sleep-related eating disorder ( S . R . E . D . ) .   " My friend called me at home , " Maureen recalled . " She said , ' This is you ! ' I called the center the next day . "   Her condition was diagnosed as S . R . E . D . , which is defined as compulsive eating occurring during partial arousals from NREM sleep . It often combines elements of an eating disorder , which is considered a psychiatric condition , with elements of a sleep disorder , which in Maureen ' s case researchers speculate is related to a deficiency of dopamine in her brain .   " No matter how it begins , either with stress or with another sleep disorder such as sleepwalking , sleep-related eating will usually become a nightly phenomenon , " Schenck told me . " The one variable is the level of consciousness associated with the eating . Usually there is partial consciousness , but in about a quarter of our patients there can be complete unconsciousness , and in about 15 to 20 percent of cases , there is full wakefulness and subsequent recall , but no control over the eating . "   Schenck prescribed Maureen a dopamine-enhancing medication and Tylenol 3 , which contains codeine .   " When I first started taking the medications , I was running around the neighborhood singing Hallelujah ! " Maureen recalled . " I felt so good about myself . I started exercising . I would call up guys and ask them out to dinner . "   For three years her sleep-eating was well controlled by the prescriptions . But then what Schenck believes is an underlying condition emerged -- the sleep disorder known as restless legs syndrome , which is characterized by extremely painful crawling sensations in the legs .   When I visited in October , Maureen had recently had a relapse of sleep-eating , and her restless legs syndrome was acting up . " It ' s kind of depressing what I can do , " she said , with a rueful laugh . " Last week I woke up with the worst taste in my mouth -- I had made a sandwich out of beef-bouillon cubes in my sleep . Who ' d eat that ? It ' s probably because there ' s nothing to eat in the house . Even the mice have left . "   She showed me the route from her Victorian bed to her tan-tiled kitchen . The way was lined with potential obstacles -- her collection of large crocks , a rocking horse , a congress of teddy bears , breadboxes , ceramic pitchers -- all of which she always managed to negotiate in her sleep . When she was married , she said , she lived for a while with her mother-in-law , who was fighting cancer . She had loved her mother-in-law , and it still baffled and upset her that she could get up night after night to eat but never once think to check on the woman dying in the next room .   Cat Boy The treatment Maureen Strehlow received for the pain in her legs and for her sleep-eating never addressed the possibility that psychological factors might be contributing to the disorders . No one would think to look for psychological factors in restless legs syndrome . But with sleep-eating , despite its automatic quality , the role of the psyche is harder to rule out . People recoil from a strictly neurological view of behavior basic to their identity -- behaviors related to food , sex , emotions , language and even dreams -- despite the obvious distortion of dreams in REM behavior disorder .   If there was an emotional or mental cause to Maureen ' s sleep-related eating , something other than the varying dopamine levels in her brain , she wasn ' t aware of it . The persistence of the behavior over the years had disabused her of the idea that she could do much to curb her trips to the kitchen; it was more important to her to break the pattern than to hunt for psychological origins under the iffy assumption that they existed . In any case , she didn ' t expect uncovering them would make any difference .   While skepticism about psychological causes ought to be routine , given how wantonly they ' ve been applied to conditions where they had no business , sometimes there is no recourse but to invoke the psyche as the source of a parasomnia . One of the more startling episodes captured on tape at the Minnesota clinic is the nocturnal behavior of a 19-year-old known in the lab as Cat Boy . Fifty-three minutes after falling asleep , the teenager gets out of bed and begins crawling on the floor , growling , his hands folded into paws . He seizes a corner of the mattress with his teeth and shakes it . After six and a half minutes , perspiring heavily , he collapses and becomes " clinically unresponsive . " When technicians ask him , he reports that he has been dreaming what he always dreams -- he is a large cat following a female zookeeper with a bucket of raw meat . Here ' s the strangest thing of all: this parasomnia is not technically a sleep disorder . Throughout the episode Cat Boy ' s EEG reports that his brain is " awake . "   In his case , the diagnosis was of a psychiatric condition that happened to reveal itself under cover of darkness . Researchers at the Minnesota clinic estimate that about 7 percent of their parasomnia cases are actually nocturnal dissociative disorders . And these disorders consist of almost nothing but psychologically meaningful behavior .   " The behaviors reflect the psyche and past psychological experience usually in the context of physical , sexual , verbal abuse , " Schenck noted . " Many of the observed and recorded behaviors , including vocalizations ( moaning and words ) , are a combination of sexual and sexualized behaviors -- pelvic movements and thrusting -- and defensive behaviors and vocalizations , like ' No , no , no , don ' t do that ! ' or ' You ' re hurting me ! ' or ' Stop ! Stop ! ' The EEG is awake but the person ( usually female ) perceives her dissociated memory of past abuse as an actual dream , as if she were asleep even though she is technically awake . "   Even to a tutored eye , it is impossible to distinguish between behavior arising from a sleep disorder and behavior arising from a nocturnal dissociative disorder without a work-up in a sleep lab . For all their resemblance , parasomnias from the sleep state and parasomnias emerging from waking-state dissociations belong to different domains with different moral expectations . Cat Boy ' s parents were upset to learn his condition was a psychiatric disorder . The finding put the onus not on the body but on the mind -- on the waking state with its apparently defective self-control rather than on the sleep state where custom accepts that the self will vanish into the automatism of the brain .   The expectation that we ought to be able to control ourselves is essentially the issue at stake in criminal cases . Sleepwalking has been successfully used as a legal defense in some homicide cases but has failed in others . The main hurdle is that experts cannot determine the actual state of the brain after the fact , only whether a person has a propensity for partial arousals .   More mundanely , the premium on self-control heightens the guilt of people who exhibit sexual behavior while asleep . " Sleep sex " is not an officially classified disorder , but it has been the subject of a much-publicized recent study by researchers at Stanford University and has been observed since the inception of overnight sleep-lab studies . " I got a call about this from Playboy magazine years ago , " Mahowald told me . " Technicians have seen it in the lab for years . It happens all the time . Most likely it ' s a specialized form of sleepwalking . "   Dr . Christian Guilleminault and other scientists at Stanford ' s Sleep Disorders Clinic reported on 11 cases of " atypical sexual behavior " during sleep . The behaviors included " violent masturbation , sexual assaults and continuous ( and loud ) sexual vocalizations during sleep . " Eight of the cases occurred in NREM sleep , three in REM . In four of the cases no psychopathology was diagnosed . In the others , a range of psychiatric ailments was found , from depression to obsessive-compulsive tendencies to anxiety , but the researchers concluded , " We do not know to what extent the psychiatric disorders played a role in the observed behaviors . "   Psyche vs . Neuron The Minnesota Regional Sleep Disorders Center is housed on the eighth floor of the Hennepin County Medical Center in downtown Minneapolis . It has a wing for offices and consulting rooms and one for overnight sleep studies , of which the center does about 1 , 500 a year . On the afternoon when Mahowald was running through his parasomnia highlights reel , a crowd drifted in , Schenck among them . Mahowald and Schenck have been collaborating for 21 years . They have co-written 23 textbook chapters and 43 articles in peer-reviewed journals . They have made major discoveries and numerous contributions to the field of sleep medicine .   But there are subtle , psyche-versus-neuron differences in their views , some of which reflect differences in their training and background . Mahowald , 59 , was born , bred and schooled in Minnesota . As a neurologist , he has a materialist ' s innate suspicion of nonmaterial concepts and explanations . Schenck , 52 , is a psychiatrist who grew up on Manhattan ' s Upper West Side , where mentalist theories are as much a part of the landscape as alternate-side-of-the-street parking .   Even people who had seen the clips previously stared quietly as the train of strange behaviors flashed by . The tension in the office wanted breaking . " We rent these out on weekends , " Mahowald said .   A new clip started . " Here ' s a sleep terror , " he continued . " You can trigger a sleep terror de novo , from nothing -- just the sound of a doorbell or a buzzer from a six-volt battery -- which means it ' s not a climax of ongoing dreamlike mentation . See this kid -- he ' s paying attention to exogenous and endogenous information . It ' s not like a nightmare when you can remember why you are frightened . In nightmares you have an accelerated heart rate . With a sleep terror you have no anticipatory increase in the heart rate . "   A man with REM behavior disorder appeared on the monitor fighting phantoms over his bed . A case of a person acting out a dream ?   " Either he ' s acting out a dream , or possibly dreaming out an act . It could be that the brain makes up something to explain the movement created by motor-pattern generators in the brain stem . "   Schenck piped up . " But isn ' t there still room for Freud ? " he asked , using " Freud " as a synonym not for psychoanalytic doctrine but for the idea that what ' s on the mind can modify what ' s in the tissue . There was a deferential note in his voice , as if he knew the suggestion might irritate his senior colleague . " One of our R . B . D . patients after his divorce said he was always dreaming of an 800-pound gorilla chasing him around the house . How can you not consider a psychodynamic influence in a scenario like that , with the man ' s ex-wife thinly disguised as an 800-pound gorilla ? "   Mahowald shrugged . Was he ceding the point ? On the screen now a black Labrador retriever was snoozing on his side . The dog ' s legs began pedaling wildly , pawing the air . Was he inventing a dream to go with the mad scrabbling of his legs -- perhaps a hot-pursuit sequence involving a mailman ?   " I don ' t know , " Mahowald said with a happy little drop of arsenic in his voice , " but I suspect he ' s not resolving deep inner conflict . "   Maybe It ' s a Gift Not long ago in an Italian biology journal , Mahowald and Schenck proposed a " state dissociation " model of the brain . But recently Mahowald told me that he had reviewed a new book , " The Dream Drugstore , " by Allan Hobson , a Harvard dream researcher , and that Hobson ' s model , developed over the last 25 years , was much better than his own . Hobson ' s so-called Activation Input Modulation theory tries to account for waking , sleeping and dreaming , as well as states like coma , by picturing the mind-brain as a cube . The three dimensions of Hobson ' s cube reflect the three key variables that determine a person ' s consciousness at any given moment . The first variable is the level of activation in the brain; coma , for example , would be at the low end; waking and vivid dreaming at the high end . The second variable is the predominant source of input -- in waking , for instance , the brain ' s attention is concentrated on the external environment , but in REM sleep the brain is mostly minding itself . The third and most complex variable is the brain ' s chemical microclimate , the fluctuating mix of the neuromodulators that can enhance or impede the brain ' s ability to analyze information .   " The AIM model says that the brain-mind is constantly changing states , " Hobson said when I went up to Boston to talk to him . " There are canonical states like sleep and waking , which we know well and about which we have little or no choice . They are probably genetically determined and highly conserved by evolution and tremendously significant . But there are all kinds of design and program errors that can happen in any complex system , and that ' s probably what accounts for a lot of the parasomnias . "   And where is the self in this enchanted complexity ? Hobson is not one to write it off as a chimera yet: " The self is a gorgeous construct , an essential construct that is capable of making many decisions . You can ' t tell me it doesn ' t matter . People will say to me , ' Oh , well , you ' re just as religious as the theists , ' and I say , ' O . K . , we might find out that it ' s all automated , but it sure doesn ' t feel that way . " '   In another society Lindsey Conlon might be a healer or a shaman and her powers of dissociation cultivated on the trellis of a spiritual tradition . Her gorgeous construct is grappling with a parasomnia whose very name -- parasomnia overlap disorder -- attests to the potency of Hobson ' s model and the idea that the brilliantly promiscuous brain can exist in more than one state at once . Here ' s a portion of the write-up of Lindsey ' s first night in the Minnesota clinic lab in May 2000: " The study was notable for numerous spontaneous brief arousals from all stages of non-REM and REM sleep . . . . Periodic limb movements were present throughout all stages of sleep , often but not always associated with arousals from sleep . REM sleep was characterized by a relative lack of atonia . . . . There was one episode of sleep-talking . "   " And I know they didn ' t see the half of it , " Lindsey told me in October when we met for dinner at a restaurant in northwest Minneapolis . " Who can sleep with that camera on them ? "   Lindsey works as a patient-services coordinator at a local hospital . She is 24 years old . She has high cheekbones and lanky brown hair , which she pushes back behind her left ear but lets hang freely over her right because she doesn ' t want people to see the hearing aid she wears in it . She was born profoundly deaf but has learned to speak with almost no impairment .   " I remember when I was around 6 , " she said , " I walked out of my bedroom into the kitchen , poured a glass of water and then picked up a stack of serrated computer paper and pulled the sheets around the living room in a complete circle . My mother thought I was awake and couldn ' t understand what I was doing . I ' ve always sleepwalked . I ' ve always had conversations with myself . I ' ll ask myself a question and answer it . I ' m aware I ' m doing this but I can ' t dissociate enough to tell myself to shut up . But it never really struck me as a problem . "   But in 1999 , on vacation , she was staying with some girlfriends in an Orlando hotel room . During the night , Lindsey got up in the middle of a dream , convinced the group would soon be swallowed in a flood . She paced from bed to bathroom , imploring her roommates to evacuate . Finally her friend Jenny woke up .   " What the hell are you doing ? " Jenny said .   " We ' ve got to get out of here ! " Lindsey said .   " Lindsey , did you take anything ? "   " I ' m going outside ! "   Jenny managed to get Lindsey back to bed .   Not long after , back in Minneapolis , Lindsey was sleeping at her boyfriend ' s house , and she had another partial arousal .   " I crawled over him , turned on the light , opened his closet , put on a shirt and went to my purse to get my car keys . I started talking about how I had to get something out of the car . The guy woke up , luckily , and lured me back to bed . My eyes were open the whole time . I was awake at some level , but it ' s almost like I had a virtual-reality headset on . I remember crawling over him , turning on the light , and him looking at me and saying , ' What the hell are you doing ? ' I know I ' m doing what I ' m doing , but it ' s like I can ' t dissociate enough from the actions to tell myself to stop . That ' s what made me nervous . I actually had the car keys in my hand . "   When she got " caught " talking or walking in her sleep , she invariably felt embarrassed and stupid , she said . " I ' ve been trying to find a pattern . Is it the moon ? Is it stress ? Am I upset about something ? I can never correlate it with anything . Where it comes from , why it happens -- I don ' t know . "   Unlike most sleepwalkers , Lindsey is often dreaming while she walks , and unlike most people with REM behavior disorder who usually don ' t get too far from their beds , she can stray some distance . She has always had hypervivid dreams and often the sensation of dreaming all night without interruption , a phenomenon described in sleep medicine as " epic dreaming . "   " I had one dream where I was in a war , and I could see the decals on the planes flying by and the bombs coming out , " Lindsey said . " I could feel the ground shaking as they hit . I was with my family , we were all running away , and I kept saying , ' We have to keep moving ! ' It was unbelievably intense . I know I ' m dreaming . I can control some of them . I ' m almost always watching myself . I ' ve watched my own funeral . I remember walking into church and seeing my family and realizing it was my funeral , and then walking around the corner and seeing the casket and it was me lying in it , and saying: ' No ! No ! No ! ' It was more vivid than a movie . "   She referred herself to the Minnesota clinic and received a diagnosis of parasomnia overlap disorder -- unwanted behavior in REM and NREM sleep . Her medication has quelled the arousals and blanked out her dreams . That ' s good in some ways; in other ways it has dulled something in her that perceived the world in a rare way .   " The good thing is that I ' m not always wondering why I have this condition , or what it symbolizes , or what ' s going on in my life that ' s making it happen , " she said . " And my fiancé , Mike , is able to sleep next to me . I take Xanax a half-hour before bed . I can feel my whole body dropping . It ' s like someone hits you on the head . I go right to sleep . I ' m still exhausted during the day , though , and now I take Adderall to wake up . And I wonder if the drugs are just masking things . Are they really slowing down my brain waves or just making it so I don ' t notice the states I used to be in . "   She pushed her hair back over her left ear .   " I think I have a different way of looking at things because I was born deaf , " she said . " I think one reason my dreams might be so vivid is that I depend so much on vision , and I ' m very sensitive to touch . "   And weirdly she was always having déjà vu experiences . She wondered if her easy access to altered states had made her especially aware of odd synchronicities and the way dreaming and waking were entwined . When the dream world was more vivid than the waking one and she was able to move around inside it , swept up in its matchless enchantment and creativity , knowing she was dreaming yet able to exert some measure of her will ( except in those moments of horror ) , sometimes she wondered whether her condition was a disorder or a gift .   A White Crow If it ' s the case that most parasomnias express nothing more than the gibberish of a confused brain -- that they have more to do with genes and physiology than with repressed conflicts or pathogenic secrets; more to do with the mechanics of the brain than with trouble on the mind -- it ' s also true that once in a while a parasomnia can articulate the essence of a person ' s life . Some sleep-related behavior can seem to be permeated with psychological meaning . Perhaps it can even be caused by what ' s on a person ' s mind . Generally these cases are as rare as the proverbial white crow . As Mark Mahowald emphasized: " The percentage of patients performing psychologically significant actions is minuscule . I ' m not sure our center has seen a single example . "   But now and then , a white crow turns up . Last September , I heard about a sighting from Dr . John Winkelman , a 46-year-old assistant professor of psychiatry at Harvard medical school and a well-known authority on parasomnias . Winkelman had described how post-traumatic-stress disorder patients sometimes suffered from insomnia because trauma had made them hypervigilant . But he had recently seen a 50-year-old woman with post-traumatic-stress disorder whose complaint was not insomnia but sleepwalking .   When she would stay at her daughter ' s house , she would get up , walk to her granddaughter ' s crib in the nursery , put her fingers in the baby ' s mouth and appear to be trying to clear the girl ' s airway . Sometimes she would give her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation . As the baby needed none of this , the girl ' s mother was freaked out . " Although we have no way of knowing for sure without observing her behavior in a sleep lab study , the woman was probably sleep-walking because she had no memory of the behavior , " Winkelman said . " And it was usually happening in the first hour of sleep . I asked when the behavior started , and she said it was 10 years ago . I asked if anything had happened around that time . She said as a matter of fact , yes , she had been baby-sitting for some parents and had fallen asleep , and while she was asleep the parents came home and discovered the baby had died in the crib . "   " So in her sleep she was trying to save the child , " I said .   " Or trying to undo the event , " Winkelman said . " This is a meaningful parasomnia . In a way it would be easier to treat her if we didn ' t know the story . We could do a clinical work-up , handle it like a typical case of sleepwalking . Maybe she had some sleep apnea that was causing the arousals . We could prescribe some Halcion , and in a practical sense we would be preventing her from doing the behavior . "   " But you wouldn ' t be helping her atone . "   Winkelman nodded -- humbled , it seemed , by the immense domain of suffering beyond the bounds of medicine .   Chip Brown is the author of " Good Morning Midnight: Life and Death in the Wild , " which will be published in April by Riverhead Books .
A fourth kind of cancer has proved to be treatable by Gleevec , a drug that first came to attention because of the remarkable remissions it causes in many patients with a form of leukemia known as C . M . L . , for chronic myelogenous leukemia .   Although the cancers are rare , the appearance of yet a fourth suggests that many other cancers , including some of the major killers , may be caused by the same kind of genetic defect the drug singles out -- damage that puts a signaling protein into hyperdrive and sends cells into uncontrolled growth .   Such genes make good drug targets , because chemists can design small chemicals that jam the proteins they make . Many of the cancer genes discovered so far are natural tumor suppressors that are sabotaged by a change or mutation in their DNA . It is much easier to quell an unruly gene with a drug than to repair a damaged one .   Gleevec , made by the Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation , was found to inactivate a gene that is hyperactive in chronic myelogenous leukemia . More recently the drug was shown to treat a rare kind of stomach cancer , known as GIST , and a special form of acute lymphocytic leukemia . The fourth disease treatable by Gleevec is a proliferation of certain white blood cells , known as eosinophils , that specialize in attacking worms and other parasites .   A team led by Dr . Gary Gilliland of the Harvard Medical School and Dr . Richard Stone of the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston has found that patients with the eosinophil disease respond to Gleevec for essentially the same reason as patients with the other three cancers .   In chronic myelogenous leukemia , two chromosomes mistakenly swap chunks of DNA , and in the exchange a signaling protein gene loses the information that specifies the protein ' s off switch . In the eosinophil disease , Drs . Gilliland and Stone have found , a large chunk of DNA is accidentally deleted from chromosome 4 . The deletion has the same effect as the DNA swap in chronic myelogenous leukemia , that of chopping out the control region of the signaling protein .   Of the 11 patients whom the Cambridge team treated with Gleevec , nine responded , the team reports in today ' s issue of The New England Journal of Medicine . All but one have remained free of the disease , some for as long as 18 months , Dr . Gilliland said .   " This gives us great hope that with enough understanding of other tumor types we can develop other molecularly targeted therapeutics , " said Dr . Alan Kinniburgh of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society , which helped finance the research .   The question is which other cancers may be caused or contributed to by out-of-control signaling proteins . Gleevec attacks five signaling proteins , which belong to a large class of proteins known as tyrosine kinases . One of these kinases is deranged in chronic myelogenous leukemia , a second in the stomach cancer known as GIST , and a third kind in the eosinophil disease .   Because of the decoding of the human genome , scientists can count the tyrosine kinases . There are 96 , raising the possibility that many other cancers may be caused by one or another of these genes suffering damage and generating an out-of-control signaling protein .   " We are seeing a tiny fraction because we have Gleevec as a tool , " Dr . Gilliland said , meaning the drug pinpointed just the cancers caused by the little subfamily of tyrosine kinases attacked by the drug . " This is important because we can make inhibitors to all of the 96 tyrosine kinases in the human genome , " he said . In other words , there should be effective ways to treat any new cancers found to be caused by damage to a tyrosine kinase gene .
The gathering here of 400 of Hewlett-Packard ' s top scientists and engineers was intended to reassure them that the company was determined not to depart from its historic focus on research and development .   " HP Invent is not just an advertising logo , " Carleton S . Fiorina , Hewlett-Packard ' s chief executive , told the audience in her Monday keynote address . " It is a fundamental representation of our past , present and future . "   A year after orchestrating a controversial takeover of Compaq Computer , Ms . Fiorina likes to boast that the company is one year and a half-billion dollars ahead of schedule in combining the two operations . And as she framed it here , a leaner and meaner research and development operation will not just preserve the Hewlett-Packard brand , it will also help extend it .   But that $3 billion cost-cutting effort , crucial as it is to the company ' s success , also poses a serious challenge to its ability to innovate in the fast-consolidating computer industry , analysts say .   Indeed , as John Grebenkemper , a veteran engineer who came to Hewlett by way of Compaq and Tandem Computer , rehearsed his presentation for the research group , he could not help quietly admitting some bad news to another manager . " It ' s been a very hard week for me , " he said . " I had to lay off 40 percent of my group . "   And one engineer received lively applause when he told Ms . Fiorina during a question-and-answer session that " the thing that gets hit first " in the rush to meet the company ' s quarterly financial targets " are those new ideas . "   The company believes it still has plenty of big ones .   As an internal showcase for Hewlett ' s hot new technologies , the conference was a winner . On display was everything from just-over-the-horizon three-dimensional printers to more futuristic devices , like electron beams that could one day pave the way for 10 gigabit memory chips 20 times more capacious than the current generation .   Many of those who attended said it was a promising first effort toward what Ms . Fiorina considers crucial: exploiting cooperation among engineers and scientists to restore the company ' s ability to compete .   Hewlett ' s overall research and development efforts are now being guided by Shane V . Robison , a veteran of Compaq and Apple Computer . He has indicated that the company will concentrate its research in areas like software for corporate computing centers , computer security and privacy , along with designing new mobile devices .   But for many outside experts on corporate research it is still an open question whether Hewlett can rekindle the synergies it once enjoyed in computing and materials science research before 1999 , when it spun off Agilent , its scientific equipment and medical instrument business .   " They took away what was really powerful about HP Labs , " said Robert Buderi , editor of Technology Review magazine and an expert on corporate research laboratories . " They haven ' t gotten their edge back . "   Mr . Buderi stressed that Hewlett-Packard was still very strong in several areas of promising research . And , Mr . Robison said , that is the way the company wants it to be .   In the old days , Mr . Robison explained , big companies like I . B . M . and AT&amp;T were able to support research into a vast array of subjects . But " given the pace of change and the amount of change , that ' s not possible , " he said . " I want to reach deep in the areas we care about . "   At the same time , Hewlett-Packard must find a way to change its product development culture to enable it to move more quickly and respond more nimbly . It is a problem that Hewlett-Packard acknowledges has plagued it in the past .   " We certainly have the technology , " said Thomas J . Perkins , a Hewlett director who heads the new technology subcommittee of the company ' s board . " But sometimes we haven ' t capitalized as quickly as we should have . "   Mr . Perkins , a founder of Kleiner , Perkins , Caufield &amp; Byers , the Silicon Valley venture capital firm , originally helped start Hewlett ' s computer business during the 1960 ' s . A member of the Compaq Computer board of directors , he returned to Hewlett-Packard as a director as a result of the merger .   Mr . Perkins said he agreed to stay on as a board member after meeting Ms . Fiorina for dinner before the merger was announced and persuading her to create the technology subcommittee . Hewlett is the first company of any size to create such a group , he said , and Mr . Perkins argued that it would help the company make smarter and more rapid technology decisions .   Whether Ms . Fiorina and Mr . Robison will be able to move technologies from the lab to the market more quickly is still to be proven . But in executing the combination of Hewlett and Compaq more effectively than many analysts had expected , Ms . Fiorina is making the case that she can also bring a new level of decisiveness to a company that has lacked a strong sales and marketing orientation .   Regis McKenna , the Silicon Valley marketing and public relations guru , once said that if Hewlett-Packard started a sushi restaurant it would hang a sign in front that read , " Cold Dead Fish . "   Under Ms . Fiorina that is no longer true . She is at the center of a whirlwind of marketing and sales activities , frequently visiting major corporate customers herself .   Still , the computer industry is barely growing , and Hewlett ' s ability to outdistance its rivals will depend on decisions it makes about creating new markets . This quandary is exemplified by what Hewlett engineers are calling the Bunny Burner project .   Today , specialized stereo lithographic printers are able to create three-dimensional objects directly from drawing on a computer screen , but they cost tens of thousands of dollars . A group of Hewlett-Packard engineers in Corvallis , Ore . , has built a prototype of a printer that would sell for as little as $1 , 000 and that might one day permit ordinary consumers to translate their own computer designs directly into plastic objects .   But a more ambitious project to build a high-cost stereo lithographic printer , code-named Zorro , has been canceled , and the low-cost project may be vulnerable to the same pressures .   " It ' s not clear that 3-D printing has the support needed to solve all of our problems , " one of the researchers here said .   If Hewlett does pursue the Bunny Burner it would be a striking example of the " high-tech , low-cost " strategy that Ms . Fiorina described to the company ' s researchers . She said that I . B . M . had a " high-tech , high-cost " strategy , while Dell Computer had a " low-cost , low-tech " approach . Her company ' s method , she said , will be to outwit its competitors with advanced technologies sold at consumer prices .   It is a strategy the company is hoping to extend to corporate computing , where it plans to challenge I . B . M . , Microsoft and Sun Microsystems -- all of them racing to persuade large companies to deploy software designed to combine a range of business applications .   On May 6 , Hewlett plans to roll out its own corporate computing strategy , which will include initiatives like the one sketched here by Chandrakant Patel , a mechanical engineer in the company ' s labs near its headquarters in Palo Alto , Calif .   Mr . Patel showed how it was possible to lower the annual electricity budget for cooling a larger corporate data center -- which can run $4 million or more -- by modeling the flow of air much as aerodynamics engineers model airflow over the wing of an aircraft .   The market for corporate data management software is one where Hewlett-Packard is now likely to compete directly with Microsoft , which it has often avoided confronting in the past .   " I ' ve warned Gates and Ballmer that we consider management of the data center to be our territory , " Mr . Robison said , speaking of Bill Gates , Microsoft ' s chairman , and Steven A . Ballmer , its chief executive .   Another area where Microsoft and Hewlett may soon clash is at the opposite end of the computing spectrum , in the market for handheld gadgets .   Currently Hewlett sells its popular iPaq personal digital assistant with Microsoft ' s Windows CE operating system . But Hewlett-Packard has sophisticated efforts under way using the freely shared Linux operating system . Mr . Robison hinted strongly that the company planned to challenge Microsoft ' s software dominance in a number of consumer electronics markets .   If a collision is coming , it appears that the new Hewlett-Packard will be better armed . Many of the researchers here came away from the conference enthusiastic believers in the power of cooperation .   Susie Wee , an R&amp;D manager at HP Labs in Palo Alto who is an expert in sending multimedia over wired and wireless networks , said the meeting was a breakthrough for her project . Her presentation allowed her to meet people in many different parts of the company who were interested in sharing work in the field .   " H . P . has all the right parts , " she said , " but until now we haven ' t been able to bring them together . "
Sometimes at high tide , Barbara Bauer will see a half-dozen little heads , each about the size of a thumb , poking out of the water just offshore , like U-boat commanders with their periscopes up , watching for an all-clear to take the beach .   It is a ritual that has played out countless times on the bays and inlets of Long Island Sound -- female diamondback terrapins following a call that draws them back to the same place every June and July to dig a hole and lay their eggs . But on hot summer days when sunscreen-slathered people crowd onto Centre Island Beach here , the result is a reptilian/human traffic tie-up: The terrapins , whose eyes are apparently quite keen , will not come out if there are picnickers or boaters or pesky scientists in view . So they tread water , and they wait and watch .   And sometimes , when the terrapins do get their chance , they blow it . That happened just after dawn on Monday on a quiet , empty stretch of beach , when a female terrapin ambled onto the sand and deposited her eggs in a place that Ms . Bauer , a 27-year-old graduate student at Long Island University ' s C . W . Post campus , knew was horribly wrong . If a higher-than-normal tide did not kill the eggs over the next two months of incubation , the beach-cleaning machine used by the town of Oyster Bay surely would . The nest was doomed .   So after consulting with her academic adviser , Matthew Draud , Ms . Bauer intervened . She carefully dug up the dozen or so inch-and-a-half long eggs and moved them farther from the water near the parking lot . She marked the new nest with a flag bearing the number 25 . " I like to put a little soft sand around them , " she said as she gently dug the hole and deposited the eggs . " They ' re my babies . "   In the popular image of science-in-the-field , as romanticized in nature documentaries or the pages of National Geographic , the researcher is an almost invisible presence -- a detached and cool all-seeing observer . Rituals are recorded , and dramas of birth and death duly documented . Nature , above all else , is allowed to run its course , however grim or joyful , as though people were not really part of the picture at all .   Around Long Island Sound , such scientific detachment is harder to maintain . The difficulty here , according to Dr . Draud and his terrapin team , is quite the opposite -- trying to separate out what isn ' t part of the human story . What diamondback terrapins know of the world is in many ways a completely human creation -- a product of long history , dense population and deliberate management of the land and water .   The beach that the terrapins , or turtles ( the terms are often used interchangeably ) nest on was made by people out of sand dredged from the bottom decades ago . The raccoons that raid their nests are abundant in the area because of suburban development that is favorable to the raccoon lifestyle . The scars that mark the shells of about one in four adult terrapins were made by propellers .   And the researchers themselves , as it turns out , are only human , too . Dr . Draud , who is the chairman of the biology department at C . W . Post , in Brookville , said that when the study began in 2000 , he believed that science would be best served on Centre Island Beach by staying out of the way . If the turtles chose their nest sites poorly , then their poor decision making would be something to learn from . The dead hatchlings were counted and recorded .   But by and by , he and his students said they came to care too much about the little creatures . And they also realized that babies were the weak link in the terrapin population equation . Almost all the turtles caught and tagged here are adults -- many of them getting on in years , including one that is at least 35 to 40 years old , bearing a distinctive notch in its shell from a C . W . Post study in 1969 . Among terrapins , which can reach about nine inches in length for females and five inches for males , 40 years is considered ancient .   So last month , for the first time , Dr . Draud and his students crossed a kind of scientific Rubicon and began moving nests . No turtles have hatched yet , and no one is even sure they will , but at least now they have a chance .   " I do have the feeling to try and not interfere , " said Dr . Draud , 36 , who grew up in Kentucky and has taught at C . W . Post for six years . " But on the other hand , sometimes it ' s tough -- when I see a nest that goes down there and I know what ' s going to happen to it because I ' ve seen it three years in a row now , it feels bad . "   He also admits that each bit of terrapin DNA helps his research . The more babies he can count , the bigger his database .   " I don ' t want to lose every one of these babies because that ' s a big important sample for me , " he said , referring to the moved nests . " Plus , the worst thing that could happen is that I move them up here and they still don ' t survive -- I hope I haven ' t screwed anything up , and I think I ' ve helped , maybe the tiniest little bit . "   Terrapins and people on the Sound have had a long , strange trip together over centuries . The name itself dates from colonial days , when a terrapin generally referred to any kind of fresh water or edible turtle . And for many years the population directly reflected the nation ' s appetites . Many of the 500 or so who live around this beach , for example , are believed to be descended from farm-raised turtles brought in from the South in the early 1900 ' s , when the craze for turtle soup had brought the Sound ' s population nearly to the point of extinction .   Even the tangled human relationship with alcohol plays a role in the terrapin saga . When the sale of sherry -- a key ingredient in turtle soup -- was banned during Prohibition in the 1920 ' s , terrapin hunting plummeted and the population began to rebound , according to Dr . Roger Wood , a terrapin researcher and professor of zoology at the Richard Stockton College of New Jersey in Pomona . By the time Prohibition ended , Dr . Wood said , culinary tastes had moved on .   Diamondback terrapins , whatever stresses they may be facing in Oyster Bay , are not generally considered endangered . Elsewhere on the Sound there are at least four nesting beaches where hatchlings are surviving in large numbers , researchers say , and many states , including New York , New Jersey and Connecticut , still allow limited hunting . But whether it is their biological distinctiveness -- they are the only turtle species in the world that thrives in brackish salt marshes that are neither sea water nor fresh -- or the charm of the perfectly round welt they can leave on one ' s arm or finger when they bite , they have no lack of passionate admirers .   Dr . Wood is also an enthusiastic terrapin interventionist . Each year , a group he directs called the Diamondback Terrapin Conservation Project combs the roadways of southern New Jersey collecting the bodies of female terrapins killed by cars while trying to reach their nesting areas . In instances where the eggs are still viable , they are extracted from the dead mothers and hatched in the lab . Each year about 150 to 200 1-year-old orphans are released back into the wild .   In Oyster Bay , the C . W . Post team ' s work on the beach also produced an impromptu rescue this summer . A woman who had seen the team working found an injured terrapin on the beach several weeks ago and rushed the turtle to a local veterinarian . The vet stitched up the wound , apparently from a raccoon bite , then called Dr . Draud . The female was ready to nest , so Dr . Draud induced labor and harvested the eggs . Mother and offspring are both now resting -- or incubating as the case may be -- in the C . W . Post biology lab .   Dr . Draud , who is working on several scientific papers based on his Oyster Bay research , said he plans to lay out in complete detail how the team worked and collected its samples , because only by understanding the complex and artificial environment here can the terrapins be understood .   " You can ' t lie about it -- this is an unnatural place in some ways , an altered place , " he said . " I think that makes it more interesting . "   Marc R . Bossert , a part-time student who has been on the terrapin team here since the beginning , believes that people -- perhaps paradoxically -- are part of why the terrapins persist . Centre Island Beach still works as a nesting site , he said , not despite the human presence -- but because of it .   The place is a nighttime hangout . Cars drive down by the water at late hours , full of teenagers and other revelers . Used condoms are a regular element of the litter near the nesting sites . Mr . Bossert believes the noise and the traffic at odd hours act as a deterrent to the raccoons that might otherwise eat every last egg , as they do at other beach nesting spots nearby .   Mr . Bossert , 34 , works for Suffolk County ' s Department of Labor , helping retrain displaced workers on Long Island for new jobs , and pursues his passion for coastal biology after hours and on weekends -- not to change careers , he said , but simply for the love of it . Dr . Draud said it was partly Mr . Bossert ' s devotion to the terrapins that nudged them all toward intervention .   " I started as a scientist , " Mr . Bossert said . " Then I evolved . "   Human Nature  Over many years of settlement , Long Island Sound has been a breadbasket and a dumping ground , a private playground for the wealthy and a symbol of environmental despair .   But when people reached for a new definition -- a repaired , restored , managed Sound -- nature did not respond according to the rule book .   For every push to achieve a certain end , the whorls of the ecosystem have pushed right back , often in unexpected ways .   This is the fifth of a summer-long series of articles on the evolving nature of Long Island Sound . The sixth article will explore the mystery of the Sound at night: one man in a small boat under a full moon with a pocketful of hand-tied flies .   Additional materials , including a preview of the last part of the series , can be found on the Web at nytimes . com/lisound .   Human Nature
A relatively mild upper respiratory ailment that seems to be caused by a SARS-like virus has appeared in a second nursing home in the Vancouver area , Canadian health officials said yesterday .   The second outbreak appeared just as the first one was dissipating toward the end of last month .   In the second nursing home , which was not identified , 9 of about 100 residents have contracted a mild upper respiratory infection , but with little coughing and no pneumonia , Dr . Perry Kendall , the British Columbia health officer , said in a telephone interview . The second home is not affiliated with the first , the Kinsmen Place Lodge , where the ailment has afflicted 143 residents and workers since July 1 .   At the Kinsmen Place Lodge , in the Vancouver suburb of Surrey , 97 residents , or 68 percent of the home ' s population , became ill , British Columbia health officials said . Of the health workers there , 46 of 160 , or 29 percent , suffered a similar illness .   The cases at both nursing homes involve an illness resembling a summer flu or severe cold , producing stuffy noses and coughs but no fever , although some people have had pneumonia . Overall , the ailment is unlike the severe pneumonia and respiratory distress seen in the SARS outbreak in Toronto and elsewhere this year , Dr . Kendall said .   There is general agreement among health officials that the latest ailment " is not behaving like SARS because the illness is mild , " Dr . Kendall said , adding that it does not meet the case definition of SARS , or severe acute respiratory syndrome . Epidemiologists have found no link between any new case of the respiratory ailment and earlier cases of SARS , health officials said .   If the ailment were SARS , doctors would have expected about a 50 percent death rate among the nursing home residents based on the experience of people 65 and older in the earlier outbreak of the disease , Dr . Kendall said .   Since July 1 , 11 people have died at the Kinsmen Place Lodge , more than the expected average of 8 to 10 deaths of elderly patients at this time of year , Dr . Kendall said . However , 6 of the 11 experienced pneumonia , a slight increase over the average number of deaths from that cause .   Laboratory tests of specimens collected from individuals in the nursing home have raised questions about whether the SARS virus might cause a wider spectrum of milder illnesses that have escaped detection , or whether it might have mutated to cause a milder form of the disease .   Other theories include the possibility of a coronavirus -- SARS has been identified as a new member of the coronavirus family -- that previously went undetected because scientists had fewer laboratory tests to identify it and were not looking for new coronaviruses as hard as they have been in the wake of SARS .   In the spring , scientists identified the coronavirus that was the cause of SARS . And in July , officials of the World Health Organization said that health workers had stopped the person-to-person transmission of SARS and that there was no evidence of silent carriers of the disease or transmission of the virus from people with mild cases .   The tests of the nursing home specimens , conducted in British Columbia and at the National Microbiology Laboratory in Winnipeg , Manitoba , are extremely preliminary . Early tests of 3 percent of the genome of the coronavirus appear to indicate that it is identical to the SARS virus . But because information is lacking about the other 97 percent , the health officials stressed that much more laboratory work needed to be done to determine whether the coronavirus identified in Surrey is the SARS virus or one of a number of others from the same viral family that can cause respiratory illness .   In the spring , Dr . Frank Plummer , the director of the Winnipeg laboratory , said he had found evidence of the SARS virus in about 150 people who reported having mild or no symptoms . A follow-up study has not been completed , said Kelly Keith , a spokeswoman for Dr . Plummer .   Evidence of a coronavirus was detected in 6 of the 11 deceased at the Kinsmen Place Lodge . Not all the victims were tested for the virus . Some deaths among the nursing home residents were believed to have been unrelated to the respiratory ailment , but Dr . Kendall said he did not know how many autopsies had been performed among the 11 .   Initial tests ruled out a number of other causes such as influenza , adenovirus , Legionnaires ' disease and mycoplasma . The first five specimens from the Surrey home patients showed no evidence of the SARS virus in tests performed at the British Columbia Center for Disease Control , Dr . Kendall said .   Of 29 specimens sent to the Winnipeg laboratory , 12 were positive for a SARS-like virus , said Dick Thompson , a spokesman of the W . H . O .
HELLFIRE NATION The Politics of Sin in American History By James A . Morone Illustrated . 575 pages . Yale University Press . $35 .   Inauspicious indeed is a factual error in literally the very first word of a book . But unfortunately such is the case with James A . Morone ' s " Hellfire Nation , " which begins by stating that " Ten thousand people filled the Holt Street Baptist Church and spilled out into the Montgomery evening . "   Wait a minute . Ten thousand people at the Dec . 5 , 1955 , kickoff rally for the famous Montgomery , Ala . , bus boycott ? No , not at all: three African-American participants who were there that night and wrote about it soon after said there were 4 , 500 to 5 , 500 ( L . D . Reddick ) , " about 5 , 000 " ( Norman Walton ) and " three or four thousand " ( the Rev . Dr . Martin Luther King Jr . ) .   But perhaps factual precision is superfluous here , for Mr . Morone , a political scientist at Brown University , says " Hellfire Nation " is less a work of history than an interpretive analysis of some " common themes " from America ' s past that most accounts overlook . His goal is to illuminate what he calls America ' s recurring vulnerability to " moral fevers " that have swayed our politics since the 17th century .   Seven years ago , in " The Corrosive Politics of Virtue " an article in The American Prospect , Mr . Morone outlined the interpretation that he presents at far greater length here . Decrying how " moralizing divides Americans into a righteous us and a malevolent them , " he argued that a politics of morality leads to " moral panics " that erode liberalism and undercut inclusive policy proposals . The United States , he warned , could not attain " a more generous , universalist public spirit until we put aside the images of an immoral , unvirtuous them . "   In " Hellfire Nation " he quotes the conservative social critic William J . Bennett ' s observation that " morality is central to our politics and attitudes in a way that is not the case in Europe . " Mr . Morone fervently agrees , but he does not concur at all with Mr . Bennett ' s further assertion that " our moral streak is what is best about us . "   In Mr . Morone ' s view , that moral streak has been America ' s Achilles ' heel ever since the Puritans first " founded American moral politics " by going after religious dissidents , American Indians and scores of supposed witches with sometimes deadly opprobrium during the 17th century . Americans ' eagerness to draw distinctions between " worthy and unworthy , between devout and degenerate , " Mr . Morone says , reflects two " vital urges -- redeeming ' us ' and reforming ' them . ' " But our insatiable appetite for a " politics of us and them " also reveals how the identification of a dangerous , morally inferior enemy provides " a shared identity " and " a renewed mission " for the devoutly worthy us .   The " main Puritan theme " of " controlling the immoral other " offers an interpretive motif that Mr . Morone applies to everything from the Salem witch trials to the recent creation of the new federal Department of Homeland Security . Each successive American " moral fever , " he says , " involves widespread fear , uncertain ( often invisible ) enemies , lapses in due process and a frightening sexuality running just under the official text . "   Mr . Morone follows his multi-chapter consideration of the Puritans with long discussions of pre-Civil War abolitionists , Victorian-era anti-vice crusaders and early-20th-century prohibitionists . His interpretive template is applied in a less than rigorous and sometimes garbled manner , and his recurring core themes -- particularly how " they " always embody " violence , intoxication , laziness and sexual depravity " -- seem persuasive in some contexts and inapposite in others .   Mr . Morone also contends that each successive " enemy " produces an institutional response -- for instance , the F . B . I . during the 1910 ' s -- that endures long after the precipitating threat has faded away . But again his conclusion is cogent in some circumstances but not in all .   " Hellfire Nation " is a book in which the author obviously has invested years of labor , but Mr . Morone ' s narrative often leaves a reader grasping for explicit guideposts . Only when his account reaches the 1930 ' s does it become clear that the book ' s extended critique of " neo-Puritan " politics is intended to promote an alternative American moral tradition . That tradition , the Social Gospel , " shifts the focus from individual conduct " and questions of morality to " communal responsibility . "   Mr . Morone sees Franklin D . Roosevelt ' s New Deal as an exemplar of this alternative tradition , and he contends that the tone of Roosevelt ' s presidency " submerged the familiar discourse about them and us , about vice and virtue . " Hailing how " progressives turn sins into illness and moral problems into medical ones , " he states that during the New Deal " a lot less political energy went into finding an immoral underclass at the root of America ' s troubles . "   But since World War II , America has fallen back into a damaging succession of " moral alarms " that have led government institutions to " crack down on the least powerful . " By pursuing a war on drugs , for example , Mr . Morone says " we have transformed disease into crime , " produced hundreds of thousands of nonviolent criminals and imposed a divisive , neo-Puritan mindset that treats offenders as " a dangerous them " rather than " one of us . "   " Hellfire Nation " ends with a somewhat plaintive call for Americans to jettison our Puritan heritage so that we can " renew our faded sense of collective responsibility . " Asking " what would it take to make the leap into a resurgent Social Gospel era ? " Mr . Morone dismisses traditional liberalism as incapable of fostering " big dreams about a better society . " Instead , he surprisingly calls for a " moral politics " in which the American left would manifest a " moral fervor that fights to rally the country " on behalf of " a new social justice rooted in moral conviction . "   Coming at the end of so lengthy a depiction of all the damage America has suffered from " moral politics , " Mr . Morone ' s recommended cure seems fundamentally inconsistent with the disease he has explored so extensively . " Hellfire Nation " is a rich yet frustrating and in the end disappointing book .   BOOKS OF THE TIMES David J . Garrow is the author of " Bearing the Cross , " a Pulitzer Prize-winning biography of the Rev . Dr . Martin Luther King Jr .
The study of consciousness has always fascinated me . I love all the impossible arguments about the self and the nature of experience . I also love fishing , but I never expected the two interests to coincide or , more precisely , collide .   I heard the crash when I read the word " nociception " in the current issue of that esteemed scientific journal Field and Stream , which I often read , but not usually for news of neurobiology .   The word was in a news item about the research of Dr . James D . Rose at the University of Wyoming . Dr . Rose published a paper last year in The Review of Fisheries Science . In it , he argued that fish do not have the brains to produce a level of consciousness capable of feeling pain .   What is occurring in fish , he said , is nociception , which , in fishing terms , is to get hooked but feel no pain . This is not at all the same as a fisherman who is " feeling no pain " and fails to notice he has hooked himself in the ear . Nociception is what most people imagine happens when a worm is put on a hook in order to catch a fish . The worm clearly reacts , but it is hard to imagine that it has a conscious mind that can register pain .   No sooner had I read this than a colleague called to my attention a study about to be published in one of the many proceedings of the British Royal Academy , proving that fish do feel pain .   None of this was good news . I like to think about consciousness , because I have it , although for the life of me I can ' t think why . Particularly when I am fishing , I prefer not to think about who I am . I consider fishing one of those pursuits in which you can lose yourself , along with a lot of expensive flies .   Resist as I might , once I learned about the papers , I was compelled to read them . I started with Dr . Rose , whose paper was thick with neuroscience and philosophy . He described the accepted division of consciousness into primary and higher . Higher consciousness is what I have , and which I assume , but cannot really prove , that you have . Chimpanzees may have it , too . But the consensus is that guinea pigs and frogs and men who wear golfing pants do not have it .   Primary consciousness , thought to be more widespread , consists of awareness but not awareness of self . An organism would experience sensations and feelings of who knows what sort . Pain would feel like pain; it just wouldn ' t be clear who was feeling it .   There is no real argument for fish having higher consciousness . What Dr . Rose argues in his paper is that they do not have the brain structure , like the neocortex , which has been shown to be active during conscious experience , and is thought to be necessary for it . Nor do fish have other structures complicated enough to support consciousness , at least in any way comparable to human beings .   I turned to the article to be published in The Proceedings of the Royal Society Series B in June , but posted ahead of time on the Web for subscribers . In the paper , Dr . Lynne U . Sneddon and Dr . Michael J . Gentle of the Roslin Institute in Midlothian , where the sheep Dolly was cloned , and Dr . Victoria A . Braithwaite of the University of Edinburgh reported first that they had demonstrated nociception in fish . No argument from Dr . Rose there .   They claimed further to have demonstrated that fish feel pain , by injecting them with bee venom and noting prolonged behavior like rubbing the spot of the injection as if it hurt .   Rather than simply quote dueling scientists , I settled on a referee . I called Dr . Piet Hut , an astrophysicist at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , N . J . , where Einstein worked . Dr . Hut is not just any old astrophysicist . He also has a profound interest in consciousness and philosophy , so he knows the turf . He is not an angler . Although he was once a vegetarian , he does now eat some fish but no meat .   Of Dr . Rose ' s work , Dr . Hut said: " I think it ' s a very interesting study . But we ' re still quite far away from solving the problem of consciousness of fish . "   He said he thought that the paper made a convincing case that there was no evidence in fish brain structure to indicate consciousness that is comparable to human experience .   But , Dr . Hut said , there was really no way of telling whether fish might have some form of awareness unlike that of humans or mammals .   As to the other paper , Dr . Hut said , simply showing a reaction to negative stimuli was insufficient . No organism would survive if it did not move away from negative or damaging stimuli . Robots could be programmed to do the same without being conscious . But the behavior witnessed in response to bee venom injections , he said , head rubbing and movements that suggested persistent pain , " makes it a little bit more plausible that there could be something that we could call consciousness . "   This was not proof , by any means , but he said that if he had to choose how to act " I would give them the benefit of the doubt . " The fish , that is . He would not , however , assume that what fish feel can be understood in human terms .   There are big environmental issues at stake beyond the moral purity of the individual . On the one hand , if people stopped fishing or there were laws banning it ( and people obeyed them ) , no fish would get hooks in their mouths . On the other hand , a huge political force for cleaning up rivers and lakes and ponds would be lost . And because fishermen , particularly catch-and-release fishermen , support the preservation of wild rivers , there would probably be fewer fish .   Dr . Hut had the most difficulty with the idea of catch-and-release fishing , in which the fish , if they suffer , suffer for the angler ' s pleasure . " If I were to fish , " Dr . Hut said , " I think I would eat the fish rather than throwing it back . "   Fish might prefer to be treated less ethically , getting hooked , caught and tossed back rather than eaten . But then , neither paper addressed the question of whether fish can do philosophy .   ESSAY
Don ' t talk to Mikko Hypponen about pressure . Within minutes of first receiving a sample of the SoBig . F computer worm on Tuesday morning last week , Mr . Hypponen set out to beat the clock .   Mr . Hypponen and his researchers at F-Secure , a computer security company based in Finland , identified the worm , readied a patch and distributed the update to their customers , just as dozens of other antivirus companies were doing the same .   But the F-Secure researchers soon discovered the worst was yet to come . As they continued to dissect the worm , they found a list of 20 Internet protocol addresses linked to home computers in the United States , Canada and South Korea , that were apparently the unwitting transmitters of the virus . As it turned out , they learned , SoBig . F was a veritable time bomb , set to use those 20 machines to send out malicious instructions to millions of computers at exactly 3 p . m . last Friday .   F-Secure officials contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation , which quickly began the task of taking the computers offline in hopes of isolating the problem . With the help of Mr . Hypponen ' s team and dozens of other researchers throughout the world , they were successful .   While the program had already begun wreaking havoc on some home computers and corporate computer systems , the damage could have been far worse . In Mr . Hypponen ' s line of work , speed is everything .   " Nowadays viruses spread throughout the world very fast , " said Ilkka Starck , executive vice president of F-Secure ' s North American operations , based in San Jose , Calif . " Today it ' s all about speed . It ' s the only way you get protection . "   Antivirus companies like F-Secure , McAfee , Network Associates , Trend Micro and the industry leader Symantec , typically set out interceptors , known as honey pots , that serve as decoys for writers of malicious code . The results are then analyzed in an effort to figure out the best way to counter any attacks .   Virus sleuths discover many malicious programs this way , and often they can react before much damage is done . In the case of SoBig . F , Mr . Hypponen said , one of his researchers received via e-mail a sample of infected code from a concerned customer who had recognized it as potentially malicious . At roughly the same time , other antivirus companies were receiving similar reports .   F-Secure was one of many companies on the trail of SoBig . F , but its efforts proved vital to halting the spread of disaster .   Mr . Hypponen , the director of antivirus research at F-Secure , is widely considered one of the best antivirus researchers in the world . He is quick to point out that combating a major virus quickly becomes a joint effort of all those involved in antivirus research , regardless of their competitive position .   " There ' s very fierce competition on the sales side , but on the technical side we share what we have , " he said . " The cooperation and communication is very open among the small group who are doing deep research . " Mr . Hypponen said that in the 1980 ' s antivirus researchers felt they needed to guard their work for competitive reasons , but they quickly realized that secrecy caused disastrous delays . These days , the roughly 150 researchers around the world know that it is to everyone ' s advantage to share code samples and information .   Antivirus research is considered among the most advanced fields of software development . When Mr . Hypponen joined F-Secure 15 years ago , when it was known as Data Fellows , the power of malicious computer code was just being discovered . The market for computer security software is now a $3 . 8 billion business , according to the market researcher Gartner Inc .   According to Mr . Hypponen , there is no single line of training for antivirus research and no academic programs that focus on this specialty . The backgrounds of the roughly two dozen researchers in his Helsinki operation vary , with some coming from government labs .   F-Secure has just over 300 employees worldwide , with most of them in Finland , and is still run by its founder , Risto Siilasmaa . The company ' s initial public offering in November 1999 was one of the most successful in Finland in recent years . Now a $190 million company , it is smaller than it was during the Internet boom .   Antivirus software accounts for roughly 60 percent of F-Secure ' s sales globally , with the rest coming from encryption and firewall products . The company ' s flagship product , a program called F-Secure Anti-Virus , is one of most popular antivirus products in Europe , but has a far smaller following in the United States where industry giants like Symantec and Network Associates dominate the market .   Like most antivirus programs , F-Secure ' s software is purchased through a subscription and is automatically updated as new viruses are discovered . These days , Mr . Hypponen says , the company typically discovers 5 or 6 new viruses a day , and twice a day it sends out to customers the patches to fight them . The lab ' s goal is to distribute an update to customers within two hours of receiving the first sample of the malicious code .   F-Secure has agreements with Deutsche Telekom , France Télécom and other European broadband service providers to offer F-Secure Anti-Virus to their customers at a small monthly subscription cost . The company hopes now to have the same success in the American market , and is negotiating with several large service providers , Mr . Starck said .   " We believe we have a good chance of being successful in the U . S . because we make it very convenient , " he said . In the meantime , the company ' s strategy is keep a step ahead of the writers of programs like SoBig . F .   But perhaps the hardest part of a virus sleuth ' s job is knowing that it is extremely difficult to catch the perpetrators . Even an unsophisticated programmer can cover his tracks by routing code through any number of Internet servers scattered throughout the world .   That means Mr . Hypponen and his team will probably never learn who was responsible for the SoBig . F worm that sent them scrambling last week . Instead , they simply move on to the next problem . " It ' s a constant battle with the other side , " he said .   TECHNOLOGY
THE RIGHTEOUS The Unsung Heroes of the Holocaust By Martin Gilbert Illustrated . 529 pages . Henry Holt . $35 .   Hitler intended to exterminate European Jews without exception , and he almost succeeded . Nevertheless , thousands survived in Nazi-occupied Europe , hiding or using false identities . They could not have survived without the help of non-Jews; the helpers were a minority but not an insubstantial one .   Some Jews hid in the sewers of big cities , others in isolated farmhouses; some found refuge in forests , others in convents . Help was extended even by courageous inmates inside Nazi camps , which often made the difference between survival and death . All the hidden Jews faced the constant danger of discovery or betrayal and would have been lost without the friends who were protecting them .   As Martin Gilbert shows in his new book , " The Righteous: The Unsung Heroes of the Holocaust " ( and as many authorities have argued before him ) sometimes up to 30 or 40 helpers were involved in saving a single life , for the survivors had to change their hiding places frequently , and they needed money , false papers and food . Some children were saved by their nannies , some students by their teachers; friends provided false certificates of baptism .   In parts of Europe even the criminal underworld played a role in hiding Jews .   Such brave people were found in every European country , even inside Germany and Austria , where controls were the strictest . A special department in the Yad Vashem Museum in Jerusalem has collected , over several decades , the evidence of such humanitarian help given at great risk during one of the darkest periods in the annals of mankind . After thorough investigation , thousands of the helpers were designated as " Righteous Among Nations , " and their memory has been preserved for posterity in various ways . It was exceedingly difficult to find these unsung heroes after so many years; many shied away from publicity for a variety of reasons .   In my own search for the German industrialist who in 1942 , at considerable risk to his life , was the first to convey to the outside world the information about Hitler ' s plan to murder European Jewry , I soon came to realize that he had done everything in his power to obliterate his tracks , and it took a whole battery of scholars a number of years to identify Eduard Schulte . Schulte ' s story is not mentioned in Mr . Gilbert ' s book; nor are the stories of some others who played leading roles , and there is hardly any mention of those who helped Jews escape to neutral countries , where they lived in relative safety .   Generally speaking Mr . Gilbert gives considerably more space to the fate of Jewish communities in Eastern Europe than those in Central Europe in the West . But this is probably justified because those communities were far more numerous .   Other " righteous gentiles " ( a biblical but unfortunate term ) disappeared without a trace . They had been killed or died soon after the war , and their children had no knowledge of their activities . Thus Yad Vashem faced an uphill struggle to find and honor these heroes . Claims were made that were quite unsubstantiated , and on the other hand many who deserved to be remembered were no longer there to have their good deeds recorded .   Thus many questions remain: How to explain that 20 times as many " righteous " were found in Ukraine as in Russia , or more than three times as many in Belgium as in the Netherlands , even though many more Jews perished in the Netherlands than in Belgium . How to account for the fact that more than 500 " righteous " were located in Lithuania but only 17 in Denmark , even though the great majority of Jews in Lithuania were killed , whereas most of the Danish Jews were saved ?   Mr . Gilbert ' s book is based in the main on the material assembled in Jerusalem , but he also engaged in further searches in other archives and contacted hundreds of survivors or their offspring . As a researcher and collector of historical source material , Mr . Gilbert has no peer among contemporary historians; a man of awe-inspiring initiative and indefatigable productivity , he will leave no stone unturned in his searches .   His enterprise is admirable , for while many of the stories told in his book have been told before , only a few have reached a wider public . In the early postwar period , interest in the Holocaust was small , and even fewer people were interested in those who had tried to help the victims . By now we have " Schindler ' s List " and many hundreds of books and television documentaries and the publication of a five-volume encyclopedia of the " righteous " is under way . Mr . Gilbert ' s book is a work of deep commitment; more than that , a labor of love . It deserves to be read side by side with the studies claiming that there were no rays of light , no manifestations of humanity and goodness in those dark days .   But there is a downside to Mr . Gilbert ' s industry . His books have frequently been criticized for the disproportion between the assembly of facts , moving and interesting as they are , and their interpretation , and this book is no exception . Mr . Gilbert seems to believe that facts speak for themselves . This is sometimes the case , but very often it is not . There is in this book an almost unending flow of stories and anecdotes , ranging from Albania to Norway , of moving and often startling cases of help extended .   But readers would also like to know who these helpers were , from what sections of society they came , whether in the main they helped friends and neighbors or also strangers , whether they acted alone or in groups , what their motives were , what were their politics ( if any ) .   In some countries the church , or to be precise , individual churchmen played a leading role in saving individual Jews . The reader would like to know more about the risks these helpers were running; this varied greatly from country to country , which is not made sufficiently clear .   In brief , this is a book that , with all its merits , leaves many questions open . One should be grateful for Mr . Gilbert ' s Herculean labors , but for a definitive work on this very important topic we shall have to wait a bit longer .   BOOKS OF THE TIMES Walter Laqueur is the editor of The Holocaust Encyclopedia .
